Russia and the West drew a tentative line under the Ukraine crisis Obama and his allies agreed to hold off on more damaging economic sanctions unless Moscow goes beyond the seizure of Crimea. Obama was concerned at the possibility of further Russian "encroachment" into Ukraine and believed Putin was still "making calculations". The rouble firmed and Russian assets climbed on Tuesday after Obama and fellow G7 leaders held back from new sanctions and investors took the view that the crisis had been contained for now.¶ Lavrov said Russia did not intend to use force in eastern and southern regions of Ukraine, and "the two sides agreed not to fuel further escalation European diplomats said signs that Putin may have decided to go no farther than Crimea may reflect concern about the mounting economic consequences.¶
The backlash to Taiwanese nuclear development could come from its foreign investors The US would halt all defensive weapon sales to the island as well as sever economic ties Economic sanctions against the ROC could be devastating Taiwan’s economy would suffer dramatically without American support The international fallout could be damaging Comparisons to Iraq and North Korea would be abundant Taiwan would suffer ostracism on all fronts
Over time and with increased demands to recognize distinct ethnic groups, federalism has emerged as a popular solution to manage and solve ethnic differences and conflicts. Power-sharing agreements between national and sub-national governments ideally will improve representation and political efficacy among numerous and diverse groups of citizens
Massive war?¶ Preliminary answer: Highly plausible A nano arms race appears almost inevitable, and would probably be unstable as discussed in the military capabilities study A nano-enabled war would probably be lethal to many civilians Military planners will seek a target that is large enough to find and hit, and that cannot be easily replaced. The natural choice, given the circumstances, will be civilian populations oth full-scale war and unconventional/terroristic war will target civilians, who will be nearly impossible to defend without major lifestyle changes. It would be easy to deploy enough antipersonnel weapons to make the earth unsurvivable by unprotected humans.
the relationship with China have downsides, including economic threats as well as China’s assertiveness , there are quite a few upsides in the US–Thailand alliance. Military-to-military interactions with the United States remain intact, thanks to a half-century of institutionalized relationships and interoperability. Thailand also has converging interests with the United States on regional stability and non-traditional security. HADR emerged as a promising field for cooperation between the two nations.
