We should ban free newspapers	Cluj-Napoca also boasts other newspapers of local interest, like Făclia and Monitorul de Cluj, as well as two free dailies, Informaţia Cluj and Cluj Expres.
We should increase internet censorship	In June 2011 the Cambodian Center for Human Rights released a report "Internet Censorship: the ongoing crackdown on freedom of expression in Cambodia" [REF].
We should abolish zoos	Keeping wild animals in zoos is even seen as human domination over other creatures.
We should increase government regulation	In October 2007, a public opinion poll taken by the Japanese government showed that 86.5% of respondents favored regulation on art depicting child pornography, while 90.9% endorsed regulation of "harmful materials" on the Internet [REF].
We should legalize prostitution	Holcomb cited the lack of data available on male commercial sex workers in the region as his reason for helping develop a 2010 survey to assess the needs of this population.
We should subsidize biofuels	Other independent LCA studies show that biofuels save around 50% of the CO2 emissions of the equivalent fossil fuels.
We should prohibit tower blocks	Contemporary critics of the scheme accused Bunton - who was close to retirement at the time - for championing the development as a personal vanity project; he was well known within Glasgow Corporation as a strong proponent of high-rise housing; his practice having designed other similar multi-storey flats around the city.
We should adopt vegetarianism	The first study, funded by the US Public Health Service in 1958 and limited to Adventists in California, included many vegetarians.
We should subsidize condoms	Two surveys conducted in New York in 1890 and 1900 found that 45% of the women surveyed were using condoms to prevent pregnancy [REF].
We should further exploit geothermal energy	The South Australian Centre for Geothermal Energy Research (SACGER) was established in 2010 as a part of state government's Renewable Energy Fund in order to promote a world class hub for practical, high priority geothermal energy research.
