Finally, even assuming that the rate of proliferation will increase, the question remains: how many withdrawals are actually necessary to generate a mass exodus, thus terminating the treaty. Research shows that for every participant in an arrangement, the perceived necessary critical mass of partakers will be different, contingent on a number of specific impetuses. With the departure of some participants, the mass might diminish and reach the threshold for some others. Their departure will cause yet more to abandon the agreement. Ultimately, this process could reach a threshold, beyond which nobody will continue to engage within the NPT. While who withdraws would surely play a key role, there is little reason to believe that a ‘point of no return’ can be reached with less than one-third of the participants abandoning the treaty.71 While the withdrawal of a major power would surely hurt the NPT’s attractiveness, it remains unclear how, on its own, such a step could destroy the treaty. Similarly, multiple withdrawals will surely be damaging to the NPT’s many attributes, but appear unlikely to be lethal. Even NPT analyses that suggest a grim outlook conclude that the critical mass necessary for the non-proliferation norm to decay would most probably be over 20 states. Given the barriers and limits to reactive proliferation considerations outlined above, the NPT’s demise as a result of proliferation begetting more proliferation seems to be anything but imminent.
While tensions in Ukraine have become increasingly intense in the past few days, one thing remains constant: The conflict arising in Ukraine today stems from the Ukrainian president's rejection of a single economic deal with the European Union regarding an association agreement. Ironically, the interests driving this proposed agreement were quite straightforward. The EU sought more Eastern European economies to enter into their trade agreements, while Ukrainians yearned for further involvement with Western Europe's more modern and productive economies. Unfortunately, even a textbook case of "win-win" economic reform was still not strong enough to withstand the highly fractured nature of Ukraine's political alliances in this case. When the deal was being considered late last year, Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych began to capriciously voice doubts in the final stages about signing the EU's proposed association agreement. For Ukrainians, their president's waffling was a clear signal that he was caving to pressure from President Vladimir Putin of Russia to reject the EU's proposed deal. A few days later, President Yanukovych outright rejected the EU proposal, accepting a new deal from Russia in the form of $15 billion in aid and other economic benefits. President Yanukovych's retreat beneath the wings of Russia immediately incited the ire of many Ukrainians. For years, Ukrainians have sought economic reform that would bring the country's economy in line with the economies of more prosperous Western countries. President Yanukovych's rejection of the EU proposal not only ignored the views of a majority of Ukrainians but signaled the government's strengthened alignment with Russia. These factors spawned a serious uproar among the Ukrainian people in which they condemned their government's corruption and denounced the legitimacy of their president's patriotism. Within hours of the EU proposal's rejection, thousands of protesters stormed the streets of Kiev (the capital of Ukraine) to renew their cry for economic reform and voice their opposition to the president's decision, calling for his immediate resignation. In response to the protesters (opposition), the Ukrainian government began to carry out aggressive action. Riot police, armed guards, and military personnel quickly descended on protest sites throughout Ukraine in order to shut down the opposition. Tensions between the two groups quickly escalated, with YouTube videos showing protesters throwing Molotov cocktails at riot police and armed guards tormenting opposition prisoners. These protests have persisted and slowly escalated over the past two months. Throughout, the United States and the European Union have offered new deals for the Ukrainian government to enter into, providing its government with several "last chances" to come around and respect the decisions of its mobilized public. In mid-February, the death toll from the protests in Kiev rose sharply into the hundreds. Talks of a resolution between opposition leaders and President Viktor Yanukovych appeared less and less likely. On Feb. 21, protesters overtook the capital and the president's residence. President Viktor Yanukovych quickly fled to Russia, fearing for his life, while also facing charges from the opposition for the killing of protesters. His residence can only be described as characterized by outrageous opulence, a symbol of the political corruption within the nation. President Yanukovych's retreat essentially rattled the cage of the bear, waking Russia up to the fact that their political influence over Ukraine was dwindling. Russia, however, has viewed the protests as an illegitimate threat to the Ukrainian president's power that must be quashed. Russia has a significant interest in helping President Viktor Yanukovych stay in power, and in curbing any sort of democratic political reform that would align Ukraine more with Europe and less with Russia. Simply put, Russia will not allow itself to lose its once-satellite state so quickly. Why would Russia care about Ukraine or its economic deals? For one, Russia had (and continues to have) legitimate fears about the economic blowback it would endure if Ukraine signed an association agreement with the EU. This kind of agreement would translate to a massive influx of high-quality, low-priced European products into Ukraine. Some of these products would inevitably end up in Russia and would not be subject to tariffs due to Ukraine and Russia's free-trade agreements. In addition, the Cold War may be over, but Russian sentiments regarding its regional supremacy very much live on. With the recent Sochi Olympics, and this year's G8 Summit also slated to take place in Sochi, Russia was poised for a steady stream of positive publicity on the global stage. An economic deal between the EU and Ukraine would severely undercut the image of Russia as a formidable world power (at least in Putin's view). After the opposition had completely taken control of Kiev, sending its president running to Russia for cover, unmarked guards began appearing on the Ukrainian-Russian border. Russian President Vladimir Putin also called for a military drill involving over 100,000 troops, many of whom were situated by the Ukrainian border. President Putin's deliberate show of force sent the message that Russia was prepared to go to war with Ukraine. Following the initial movements of Russian aggression, the unmarked soldiers quickly began to enter the Ukrainian province of Crimea. Crimea is an autonomous republic within Ukraine that contains a large Russophone population and generally identifies more closely with Russia. Crimea is roughly the size of Massachusetts and is also the location of several strong naval bases for Russia. Russia has now gained full control of the Crimean province and is continuing to maintain a militaristic occupation of Ukraine's military installations in the area, arguing that they are protecting their own interests within the region from the political instability of the nation. President Putin has also received parliamentary approval to send more troops toward Ukraine, a development that has sent waves of panic throughout the global community. The possible Russian annexation of Crimea has moved Russian and Ukrainian forces closer and closer to violent conflict.
A viable policy toward this pathetic regime, then, might be to calm down while continuing to be extorted for the sake of the miserable North Korean people. Conceivably (but only conceivably), a reduction in the threat environment might nudge the North Korean regime into reducing its armed forces some, while spending more on its people. For the rest, one would simply wait for the leadership to come around. It might be a long wait, but getting hysterical over this regime and launching a war against it seems a far inferior option.
The Senate passed their version of the farm bill on Thursday, with a 86-11 vote. The farm bill is monumental legislation that sets the eating and farming policy in the United States -- including what Americans grow, what Americans know about their dinner and how much the government spends in the process -- for about five years. All eyes will now turn to efforts between the House and Senate to resolve major issues between their respective bills by September 30, the deadline for the expiration of the current law, which was enacted in 2014. At the top of the list is the House Republican overhaul of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP -- the primary reason none of the chamber's Democrats supported the traditionally bipartisan effort. The program itself serves more than 40 million people annually and accounts for almost 80 percent of the bill's $430 billion cost over five years. The House-passed bill would require able-bodied adults without children under the age of six to work a minimum of 20 hours per week in order to maintain benefits, and also tighten overall eligibility requirements while moving money from the program to other work-related programs. The Senate largely steered clear of major changes to the program -- despite a try by GOP Sens. Mike Lee and Ted Cruz to tack on an amendment to address SNAP -- and kept the bill's bipartisan imprimatur as a result The two sides will now need to reconcile those differences. For its part, the White House is supportive of the House effort. Department of Agriculture administrator Sonny Purdue called for the measure in an outline he sent to Congress in January that listed Trump administration priorities for the legislation. The Trump administration's statement of administration policy urged the Senate to adopt an approach on food stamps language similar to the House version. It did not, however, include a veto threat on to the Senate legislation. Staff in both chambers have already started to hash out the differences in the two versions in an effort reach a resolution and get the bills to the president's desk quickly, aides said.
Another possibility would be to focus on outcomes as evidence of inequitable or inadequate funding. n138 Although courts often identify the basic components of the education that the state must finance (i.e., educational outcomes) and require funding that is capable of achieving those educational outcomes, they also acknowledge that the primary responsibility for determining the content of a suitable education and the funding necessary to achieve it lies with the legislature and other relevant policymakers. It is not so easy to establish that a given level of funding is "inadequate" or that a certain degree of funding disparity is inequitable, since there is no obvious basis on which to determine the constitutionally required funding and the linkage between funding and outcomes is so complex. In the Montoy litigation, the legislature had commissioned a study by outside consultants who identified the inputs necessary to provide a suitable education (defined by outcomes), and then projected the costs of those inputs. n139 This sort of evidence, however, may not be available or may be the subject of dispute. In the absence of definitive information about the level of funding [*383] required to achieve adequacy or equity, we might measure a state's compliance with its constitutional obligations by determining whether desired educational outcomes are being achieved. n140 Thus, for example, one way to show that funding is inadequate or inequitable might be to show that outcomes are deficient or unequal. Conversely, it would also be possible to defend existing funding as adequate and equitable (notwithstanding contrary conclusions in a cost study) by pointing to adequate or equitable educational outcomes supporting that conclusion. n141 Insofar as information on outcomes - via various assessment tools mandated by state and or federal law - is increasingly available, evidence of deficient and unequal outcomes (or adequate and equitable ones) may be relatively easy to obtain. This sort of analysis could also be relevant to the question of remedy, as courts might target improvements in terms of educational outcomes and monitor improvements as a means of measuring the sufficiency of legislative responses. n142 This evidentiary and remedial approach is consistent with a right to a suitably funded education and would not require the courts to define or redefine the underlying right in terms of outcomes, but it is likely to run into problems of causation. The element of causation is an important component of many legal doctrines, such as tort law and standing. n143 Here, poor educational outcomes are evidence that the state has failed to provide adequate or equitable funding only if we can say these outcomes are caused by the level of funding. In light of the considerations discussed above, n144 such as the complex relationship between funding and outcomes, the extrinsic factors that influence [*384] student success, and the ongoing empirical debates about the causes of inequalities in educational outcomes, that causal relationship is in doubt. It is not sufficient simply to assume that inadequate or inequitable educational outcomes are caused by inadequate or inequitable funding, rather than other factors such as cultural, structural, or personal barriers, and it may be impossible to prove that connection so as to justify reliance on outcomes as evidence of a constitutional violation or remedial compliance.
In¶ most¶ anthropological¶ accounts,¶ reciprocity¶ is¶ essential-accepting¶ a¶ gift¶ implies¶ a¶ solemn¶ obligation¶ of¶ repayment¶ (as¶ in¶ accepting¶ a¶ loan).¶ This¶ insistence¶ on¶ reciprocity¶ suggests¶ that,¶ for¶ primitives,¶ gifts¶ actually¶ provide¶ insurance¶ or¶ credit,2¶ substituting¶ for¶ exchange¶ in¶ formal,¶ anony-¶ mous¶ markets¶ (see¶ Posner¶ 1980;¶ Hemenway¶ 1984).¶ If¶ so,¶ the¶ flamboyant¶ gift¶ giving¶ chronicled¶ by¶ anthropologists¶ is¶ not¶ a¶ good¶ guide¶ to¶ modern¶ gift¶ giving,¶ and¶ it¶ is¶ especially¶ misleading¶ to¶ assume¶ that¶ modern¶ gift¶ giving¶ must¶ be¶ reciprocal¶ (it¶ is¶ not¶ always¶ so),¶ as¶ many¶ scholars¶ have¶ (e.g.,¶ Schwartz¶ 1967,¶ p.¶ 8;¶ Titmuss¶ 1971,¶ p.¶ 72;¶ Akerlof¶ 1982,¶ p.¶ 550)
Conscious decisions to allow the extinction of a species or the destruction of an entire ecosystem epitomize the "irreversible and irretrievable commitments of resources" that NEPA is designed to retard. 312 The original Endangered Species Act gave such decisions no quarter whatsoever; 313 since 1979, such decisions have rested in the hands of a solemnly convened "God Squad." 314 In its permanence and gravity, natural extinction provides the baseline by which all other types of extinction should be judged. The Endangered Species Act explicitly acknowledges the "esthetic, ecological, educational, historical, recreational, and scientific value" of endangered species and the biodiversity they represent. 315 Allied bodies of international law confirm this view: 316 global biological diversity is part of the commonly owned heritage of all humanity and deserves full legal protection. 317 Rather remarkably, these broad assertions understate the value of biodiversity and the urgency of its protection. A Sand County Almanac, the eloquent bible of the modern environmental movement, contains only two demonstrable biological errors. It opens with one and closes with another. We can forgive Aldo Leopold's decision to close with that elegant but erroneous epigram, "ontogeny repeats phylogeny." 318 What concerns [*208] us is his opening gambit: "There are some who can live without wild things, and some who cannot." 319 Not quite. None of us can live without wild things. Insects are so essential to life as we know it that  if they "and other land-dwelling anthropods ... were to disappear, humanity probably could not last more than a few months." 320 "Most of the amphibians, reptiles, birds, and mammals," along with "the bulk of the flowering plants and ... the physical structure of most forests and other terrestrial habitats" would disappear in turn. 321 "The land would return to" something resembling its Cambrian condition, "covered by mats of recumbent wind-pollinated vegetation, sprinkled with clumps of small trees and bushes here and there, largely devoid of animal life." 322 From this perspective, the mere thought of valuing biodiversity is absurd, much as any attempt to quantify all of earth's planetary amenities as some trillions of dollars per year is absurd. But the frustration inherent in enforcing the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES) has shown that conservation cannot work without appeasing Homo economicus, the profit-seeking ape. Efforts to ban the international ivory trade through CITES have failed to stem the slaughter of African elephants. 323 The preservation of biodiversity must therefore begin with a cold, calculating inventory of its benefits. Fortunately, defending biodiversity preservation in humanity's self-interest is an easy task. As yet unexploited species might give a hungry world a larger larder than the storehouse of twenty plant species that provide nine-tenths of humanity's current food supply. 324 "Waiting in the wings are tens of thousands of unused plant species, many demonstrably superior to those in favor." 325 As genetic warehouses, many plants enhance the productivity of crops already in use. In the United States alone, the [*209] genes of wild plants have accounted for much of "the explosive growth in farm production since the 1930s." 326 The contribution is worth $ 1 billion each year. 327 Nature's pharmacy demonstrates even more dramatic gains than nature's farm. 328 Aspirin and penicillin, our star analgesic and antibiotic, had humble origins in the meadowsweet plant and in cheese mold. 329 Leeches, vampire bats, and pit vipers all contribute anticoagulant drugs that reduce blood pressure, prevent heart attacks, and facilitate skin transplants. 330 Merck & Co., the multinational pharmaceutical company, is helping Costa Rica assay its rich biota. 331 A single commercially viable product derived "from, say, any one species among ... 12,000 plants and 300,000 insects ... could handsomely repay Merck's entire investment" of $ 1 million in 1991 dollars. 332 Wild animals, plants, and microorganisms also provide ecological services. 333 The Supreme Court has lauded the pesticidal talents of migratory birds. 334 Numerous organisms process the air we breathe, the water we drink, the ground we stroll. 335 Other species serve as sentries. Just as canaries warned coal miners of lethal gases, the decline or disappearance of indicator species provides advance warning against deeper [*210] environmental threats. 336 Species conservation yields the greatest environmental amenity of all: ecosystem protection. Saving discrete species indirectly protects the ecosystems in which they live. 337 Some larger animals may not carry great utilitarian value in themselves, but the human urge to protect these charismatic "flagship species" helps protect their ecosystems. 338 Indeed, to save any species, we must protect their ecosystems. 339 Defenders of biodiversity can measure the "tangible economic value" of the pleasure derived from "visiting, photographing, painting, and just looking at wildlife." 340 In the United States alone, wildlife observation and feeding in 1991 generated $ 18.1 billion in consumer spending, $ 3 billion in tax revenues, and 766,000 jobs. 341 Ecotourism gives tropical countries, home to most of the world's species, a valuable alternative to subsistence agriculture. Costa Rican rainforests preserved for ecotourism "have become many times more profitable per hectare than land cleared for pastures and fields," while the endangered gorilla has turned ecotourism into "the third most important source of income in Rwanda." 342 In a globalized economy where commodities can be cultivated almost anywhere, environmentally [*211] sensitive locales can maximize their wealth by exploiting the "boutique" uses of their natural bounty. The value of endangered species and the biodiversity they embody is "literally ... incalculable." 343 What, if anything, should the law do to preserve it? There are those that invoke the story of Noah's Ark as a moral basis for biodiversity preservation. 344 Others regard the entire Judeo-Christian tradition, especially the biblical stories of Creation and the Flood, as the root of the West's deplorable environmental record. 345 To avoid getting bogged down in an environmental exegesis of Judeo-Christian "myth and legend," we should let Charles Darwin and evolutionary biology determine the imperatives of our moment in natural "history." 346 The loss of biological diversity is quite arguably  the gravest problem facing humanity. If we cast the question as the contemporary phenomenon that "our descendants [will] most regret," the "loss of genetic and species diversity by the destruction of natural habitats" is worse than even "energy depletion, economic collapse, limited nuclear war, or conquest by a totalitarian government." 347 Natural evolution may in due course renew the earth with a diversity of species approximating that of a world unspoiled by Homo sapiens -- in ten million years, perhaps a hundred million. 348
A $1.3 trillion investment opportunity in Iraq and Iran As a result of more than two decades of sanctions, Iran has not had access to modern technology and investment, and achieved lower overall levels of investment. With détente Iran will need to catch up and raise investment by up to 15 percent to 20 percent of GDP (or about US$60 to US$80 billion) for at least 10 years. Hence, as a conservative estimate, Iran will be opening investment opportunities of some $600 to $800 billion over the coming decade ranging from core infrastructure, agriculture, oil and gas, industry and housing among other. Next door, Iraq's reconstruction will require investment of the order of $700 billion. Détente with Iran and resulting stabilization in Iraq would mean infrastructure and reconstruction expenditures of some $1.3 trillion, a major boon and boost to the region's economies and for the global economy.
Central though this binary conception of gender is to much of Western thought, it presents an illusory dichotomous opposition between genders that obscures important distinctions within masculinity and femininity. Interestingly enough, once the idea of fractures within Western conceptions of masculinity and femininity is accepted, the division between what is masculine and what is feminine tends to be less clear. Fractures within masculinity have played a crucial part in defining the relationships between the two orthodox paradigms in IR: namely realism and liberal internationalism. The division of orthodox IR into two different masculine camps has led to a competition between two aspiring hegemonic masculinities over which is more masculine (real and objective) and which should be regarded as inferior and feminine (subjective and normative)
Perhaps the most significant distinction between ecofeminism and followers of deep ecology resides in their respective understandings of the root cause of our environmental malaise. For deep ecologist, the anthropocentric worldview is foremost to blame. The two norms of deep ecology are thus designed to redress this human centered worldview. Ecofeminists, on the other hand, argue that it is the androcentric worldview that deserves primary blame. For ecofeminists, it is not just “humans” but men and the masculinist world view that must be dislodged from their dominant place. The key to understanding the differences between the two philosophies thus lies in the differing conceptions of self that they both presuppose. When deep ecologists write of anthropocentrism and the notion of an “expanded Self,” they ostensibly refer to a gender-neutral concept of the self. Implicit in the feminist analysis of the androcentric worldview, however, is the understanding that men and women experience the world, and hence their conceptions of welf, in wildly divergent ways. Whereas the anthropocentric worldview perceives humans as at the center or apex of the natural world, the androcentric analysis suggests this worldview is unique to men. Feminists have argued that, unlike men, women’s identities have not been established through their elevation over the natural world. On the contrary, women have been identified with the devalued natural world, an identification that they have often adopted themselves as well.
