even assuming that the rate of proliferation will increase, the question remains: how many withdrawals are actually necessary to generate a mass exodus, thus terminating the treaty. Research shows that for every participant in an arrangement, the perceived necessary critical mass of partakers will be different, contingent on a number of specific impetuses this process could reach a threshold, beyond which nobody will continue to engage within the NPT. While who withdraws would surely play a key role, there is little reason to believe that a ‘point of no return’ can be reached with less than one-third of the participants abandoning the treaty it remains unclear how, on its own, such a step could destroy the treaty multiple withdrawals will surely be damaging to the NPT’s many attributes, but appear unlikely to be lethal. Even NPT analyses that suggest a grim outlook conclude that the critical mass necessary for the non-proliferation norm to decay would most probably be over 20 states
The conflict arising in Ukraine today stems from the Ukrainian president's rejection of a single economic deal with the European Union regarding an association agreement The EU sought more Eastern European economies to enter into their trade agreements, while Ukrainians yearned for further involvement with Western Europe's more modern and productive economies . For Ukrainians, their president's waffling was a clear signal that he was caving to pressure from Putin to reject the EU's proposed deal. A few days later, President Yanukovych outright rejected the EU proposal, accepting a new deal from Russia in the form of $15 billion in aid and other economic benefits Within hours of the EU proposal's rejection, thousands of protesters stormed the streets of Kiev (the capital of Ukraine) to renew their cry for economic reform and voice their opposition to the president's decision, calling for his immediate resignation. In response to the protesters (opposition), the Ukrainian government began to carry out aggressive action. Riot police, armed guards, and military personnel quickly descended on protest sites throughout Ukraine in order to shut down the opposition. Tensions between the two groups quickly escalated, with YouTube videos showing protesters throwing Molotov cocktails at riot police and armed guards tormenting opposition prisoners. These protests have persisted and slowly escalated over the past two months. . In mid-February, the death toll from the protests in Kiev rose sharply into the hundreds. Talks of a resolution between opposition leaders and President Viktor Yanukovych appeared less and less likely. protesters overtook the capital and the president's residence. President Viktor Yanukovych quickly fled to Russia, fearing for his life, while also facing charges from the opposition for the killing of protesters. Russia has a significant interest in helping President Viktor Yanukovych stay in power, and in curbing any sort of democratic political reform that would align Ukraine more with Europe and less with Russia ). After the opposition had completely taken control of Kiev, sending its president running to Russia for cover, unmarked guards began appearing on the Ukrainian-Russian border. Russian President Vladimir Putin also called for a military drill involving over 100,000 troops, many of whom were situated by the Ukrainian border. President Putin's deliberate show of force sent the message that Russia was prepared to go to war with Ukraine. Following the initial movements of Russian aggression, the unmarked soldiers quickly began to enter the Ukrainian province of Crimea. . Russia has now gained full control of the Crimean province and is continuing to maintain a militaristic occupation of Ukraine's military installations in the area President Putin has also received parliamentary approval to send more troops toward Ukraine, a development that has sent waves of panic throughout the global community. The possible Russian annexation of Crimea has moved Russian and Ukrainian forces closer and closer to violent conflict.
A viable policy toward this pathetic regime, then, might be to calm down while continuing to be extorted for the sake of the miserable North Korean people one would simply wait for the leadership to come around. It might be a long wait, but getting hysterical over this regime and launching a war against it seems a far inferior option.
The farm bill is monumental legislation that sets the eating and farming policy in the United States All eyes will now turn to efforts between the House and Senate to resolve major issues between their respective bills At the top of the list is the House Republican overhaul of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, SNAP - The Senate largely steered clear of major changes to the program The two sides will now need to reconcile those differences the White House is supportive of the House effort The Trump administration's urged the Senate to adopt an approach on food stamps language similar to the House version Staff in both chambers have already started to hash out the differences in the two versions in an effort reach a resolution and get the bills to the president's desk quickly
It is not so easy to establish that a given level of funding is "inadequate" or that a certain degree of funding disparity is inequitable, since there is no obvious basis on which to determine the constitutionally required funding and the linkage between funding and outcomes is so complex poor educational outcomes are evidence that the state has failed to provide adequate or equitable funding only if we can say these outcomes are caused by the level of funding. In light of the complex relationship between funding and outcomes, the extrinsic factors that influence student success, and the ongoing empirical debates about the causes of inequalities in educational outcomes, that causal relationship is in doubt. It is not sufficient simply to assume that inadequate or inequitable educational outcomes are caused by inadequate or inequitable funding, rather than other factors such as cultural, structural, or personal barriers, and it may be impossible to prove that connection so as to justify reliance on outcomes as evidence of a constitutional violation or remedial compliance
In¶ most¶ anthropological¶ accounts,¶ reciprocity¶ is¶ essential-accepting¶ a¶ gift¶ implies¶ a¶ solemn¶ obligation¶ of¶ repayment¶ (as¶ in¶ accepting¶ a¶ loan).¶ This¶ insistence¶ on¶ reciprocity¶ suggests¶ that,¶ for¶ primitives,¶ gifts¶ actually¶ provide¶ insurance¶ or¶ credit,2¶ substituting¶ for¶ exchange¶ in¶ formal,¶ anony-¶ mous¶ markets
decisions to allow the extinction of a species epitomize irreversible commitments of resources" natural extinction provides the baseline by which other extinction should be judged. None of us can live without wild things.  if they " were to disappear, humanity could not last more than a few months animals, plants provide ecological services organisms process the air we breathe, the water we drink Saving discrete species protects the ecosystems in which they live to save any species, we must protect their ecosystems The value of endangered species and biodiversity is "literally ... incalculable The loss of biological diversity is  the gravest problem facing humanity our descendants [will] most regret," the "loss of diversity worse than economic collapse nuclear war, or conquest
A $1.3 trillion investment opportunity in Iraq and Iran As a result of more than two decades of sanctions, Iran has not had access to modern technology and investment Détente with Iran and resulting stabilization in Iraq would mean infrastructure and reconstruction expenditures of some $1.3 trillion, a major boon and boost to the region's economies and for the global economy.
once the idea of fractures within Western conceptions of masculinity and femininity is accepted, the division between what is masculine and what is feminine tends to be less clear. Fractures within masculinity have played a crucial part in defining the relationships between orthodox IR namely realism and liberal internationalism The division has led to a competition between two aspiring hegemonic masculinities over which is more masculine and which should be regarded as inferior
the most significant distinction between ecofeminism and followers of deep ecology resides in their respective understandings of the root cause of our environmental malaise. For deep ecologist, the anthropocentric worldview is foremost to blame. The two norms of deep ecology are thus designed to redress this human centered worldview. Ecofeminists, argue that it is the androcentric worldview that deserves primary blame. For ecofeminists, it is not just “humans” but men and the masculinist world view that must be dislodged from their dominant place. The key to understanding the differences between the two philosophies thus lies in the differing conceptions of self that they both presuppose. When deep ecologists write of anthropocentrism and the notion of an “expanded Self,” they ostensibly refer to a gender-neutral concept of the self women’s identities have not been established through their elevation over the natural world. On the contrary, women have been identified with the devalued natural world, an identification that they have often adopted themselves as well.
