Extra-curricular activity is beneficial	Officials from all the impacted districts said returning to a consistent and predictable schedule and school activities would help staff and students alike find normalcy and move on.
We should further exploit hydroelectric dams	The study concluded that 114,000 MW of hydroelectric power generation capacity could be established in the basin, 79,000 MW from the main stem alone.
Digital rights management brings more harm than good	The FSF also argues that ACTA will make it harder for users of free operating systems to play non-free media because digital rights management (DRM) protected media would not be legally playable with free software [REF].
Capital punishment brings more harm than good	The court ruled that the use of capital punishment was considered impermissible cruel or unusual as it degraded and dehumanized the parties involved.
We should prohibit corporal punishment	Any form of corporal punishment is barbaric and has no place in a civilised polity.
We should protect whistleblowers	Where whistleblowers persist in raising their concerns, they increasingly risk detriments such as dismissal [REF].
We should disband NATO	Some critics note that NATO did not have the backing of the United Nations Security Council meant that its intervention had no legal basis, but according to some legal scholars, "there are nonetheless certain bases for that action that are not legal, but justified."[REF] .
We should end athletic scholarships	Decisions about who receives an athletic scholarship and the size of each scholarship are usually left up to the coach.
We should further exploit hydroelectric dams	Eels were once abundant, but hydroelectric dams downstream have all but eliminated this species from the lake and the watershed [REF].
Affirmative action brings more good than harm	Concluding that the program did not meet the standard, and must be struck down, Powell's memorandum stated that affirmative action was permissible under some circumstances, and eventually formed much of his released opinion [REF].
