BOTH THE UNITED STATES AND CHINA HAVE MANY REASONS to embrace Chinese investment into U.S. real estate. In the wake of the Great Recession, Chinese investors provided much needed capital and helped revive stalled projects. Even as the U.S. economy and real estate market recovered in recent years, Chinese investment has helped propel megaprojects across the country that may not have otherwise proceeded, eliminating the accompanying job gains and tax receipts for municipal governments and contract revenue for private firms. Still, as with past waves of foreign real estate investment in the United States, there is increasing protectionist concern about Chinese investment, as well as more fundamental questions about impacts on real estate pricing and returns for U.S. investors. Furthermore, despite the large size of the U.S. real estate market and array of investment options available, other nations are also competing to attract Chinese investment. The investment by Chinese firms into the United States highlights the “Going Out” policy and underscores China’s economic leadership capabilities and potential. The evolution of investment into developed economies and the sophisticated financial structures needed for large-scale projects underscore China’s ability to provide capital and development expertise across the globe. This final chapter will first look at the opportunities and challenges that Chinese investment in U.S. real estate presents. Chinese investment bolsters liquidity in the U.S. commercial and residential real estate markets, supports significant U.S. job creation, allows for expansion of Chinese firms into attractive long-term markets, provides opportunities for diversification for Chinese investors, and strengthens bilateral cooperation through expanded business and individual relationships. Still, some challenges remain, particularly with localized asset price appreciation. We will then propose a series of steps that can be taken in both countries to facilitate investment, not only by policy makers but also by real estate industry professionals. OPPORTUNITIES AND CHALLENGES Real Estate Markets For commercial real estate markets in the United States, the presence of new sources of investor demand can create a healthier, more stable environment. Liquidity is key for stable real estate markets. Sustained Chinese investment will create additional liquidity, creating more opportunities for owners of real estate assets to buy and sell properties. Moreover, increased liquidity can attract greater investment from other investors in the market who may not have pursued an opportunity but see the expanded opportunities to eventually sell the asset – helping create a positive feedback loop. When markets function normally, investors can better analyze opportunities and formulate strategies to buy and sell assets. In addition to expanding the pool of buyers in the commercial real estate market, Chinese activity in the United States provides greater CHAPTER 6: IMPLICATIONS OF CHINESE INVESTMENT 98 | ASIA SOCIETY BREAKING GROUND: CHINESE INVESTMENT IN U.S. REAL ESTATE 6: IMPLICATIONS OF CHINESE INVESTMENT ASIA SOCIETY | 99 real estate debt availability. This has served not only to advance projects that were stalled but also to promote more competitive rates and terms from lenders. In the residential real estate market, U.S. homeowners similarly have greater opportunities to sell their home. Chinese buyers provide a much-needed source of buyer demand for home sales. Tight mortgage credit availability, the difficulty of saving for a down payment, and millennials’ proclivity to rent for longer – either by necessity or preference – have pushed the U.S. homeownership rate to the lowest level in 20 years. At the same time, first-time homebuyers accounted for just 30% of new home sales in February 2016, compared with a long-term average near 40%.79 Although a boost in Chinese demand will have some benefit for existing home sales, the Chinese preference for new homes can provide an even greater boost to U.S. homebuilders, as new home construction in the United States remains well below historical averages. Increased Chinese investment in the commercial and residential real estate markets also presents some potential pitfalls, chiefly around asset pricing and related impact on investment returns. Because of some unique investment drivers and the often long-term investment horizon for many Chinese investors, they are sometimes willing to pay a higher price for assets than are their U.S. counterparts with a shorter investment horizon or different investment strategy. Although this is a boon to sellers, it can lead to some price pressures as appraisers determine value in part by comparing nearby sales activity. These price effects are extremely localized, however, particularly in the residential market. High concentrations of Chinese residential purchases on one block or a specific neighborhood can drive some price appreciation, but these effects dissipate at the broader submarket or city level and have a zero or minimal effect on pricing at the county or metropolitan area level. In fact, Chinese purchases of homes have little effect, in aggregate, on pricing trends. In terms of sheer numbers, the volume of homes bought and sold by U.S. citizens vastly outnumbers that of any other group. Economy Increased investment and development of real estate are significant sources of job creation. The recent recession decimated the construction industry, which has yet to recover to the employment level prior to the recession. Construction jobs are often the most visible type. Although these jobs are sometimes dismissed for their temporary nature, the types of projects being funded and built by Chinese investors are major projects, often with multiyear construction time lines. The construction jobs are often unionized, well-paying jobs that require a substantial amount of skill and training. But construction jobs are only part of the picture. Development of hotel, office, and retail properties fosters new permanent jobs, while development of all types creates jobs in building management. With the EB-5 requirement of 10 jobs created for each investment, Chinese investment through the EB-5 program alone may have created at least 70,000 jobs in 2015, and more than 200,000 over the life of the program.80 Furthermore, as more Chinese firms enter the United States, more and more will establish local offices, not only for executives coming in from China, but also the hiring of U.S. workers. Entrepreneurial immigrant investors, provided entry to the United States via real estate investment programs such as EB-5, often go on to create new businesses in the United States that employ U.S. workers in a range of industries. The profits from selling real estate assets to Chinese buyers can also strengthen the U.S. economy, 100 | ASIA SOCIETY BREAKING GROUND: CHINESE INVESTMENT IN U.S. REAL ESTATE providing new capital for reinvestment. In addition to job creation, the market stability provided by increased investment sources provides a range of broader economic benefits. Greater market stability helps some lenders better manage default risk, including local and regional banks that have a significant share of mortgages and construction/development loans. These banks are key sources of credit for small businesses across the country. Helping stabilize real estate markets will mitigate some of the risk within lending portfolios, allowing banks to increase lending to small, local businesses. It also benefits pension funds and endowments. With both groups increasing investment in real property and needing greater returns for future obligations, a broader real estate investor pool could help boost annual returns. Pension funds need elevated investment returns for unfunded liabilities, which can prove difficult in the current low interest rate environment.
Here are key findings about the benefits of inclusion for children and families: Families’ visions of a typical life for their children can come true. All parents want their children to be accepted by their peers, have friends and lead “regular” lives. Inclusive settings can make this vision a reality for many children with disabilities. Children develop a positive understanding of themselves and others. When children attend classes that reflect the similarities and differences of people in the real world, they learn to appreciate diversity. Respect and understanding grow when children of differing abilities and cultures play and learn together. Friendships develop. Schools are important places for children to develop friendships and learn social skills. Children with and without disabilities learn with and from each other in inclusive classes. Children learn important academic skills. In inclusive classrooms, children with and without disabilities are expected to learn to read, write and do math. With higher expectations and good instruction children with disabilities learn academic skills. All children learn by being together. Because the philosophy of inclusive education is aimed at helping all children learn, everyone in the class benefits. Children learn at their own pace and style within a nurturing learning environment.
(b) STATE ACTIVITIES.—Each State that receives an allotment under section 4103 shall use the funds available under subsection (a)(3) for activities and programs designed to meet the purposes of this subpart, which may include— (1) providing monitoring of, and training, technical assistance, and capacity building to, local educational agencies that receive an allotment under section 4105; (2) identifying and eliminating State barriers to the coordination and integration of programs, initiatives, and funding streams that meet the purposes of this subpart, so that local educational agencies can better coordinate with other agencies, schools, and community-based services and programs; or (3) supporting local educational agencies in providing programs and activities that— (A) offer well-rounded educational experiences to all students, as described in section 4107, including female students, minority students, English learners, children with disabilities, and low-income students who are often underrepresented in critical and enriching subjects, which may include— (i) increasing student access to and improving student engagement and achievement in— (I) high-quality courses in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including computer science; (II) activities and programs in music and the arts; (III) foreign languages; (IV) accelerated learning programs that provide— (aa) postsecondary level courses accepted for credit at institutions of higher education, including dual or concurrent enrollment programs, and early college high schools; or (bb) postsecondary level instruction and examinations that are accepted for credit at institutions of higher education, including Advanced Placement and International Baccalaureate programs; (V) American history, civics, economics, geography, social studies, or government education; (VI) environmental education; or (VII) other courses, activities, and programs or other experiences that contribute to a wellrounded education; or (ii) reimbursing low-income students to cover part or all of the costs of accelerated learning examination fees, as described in clause (i)(IV); (B) foster safe, healthy, supportive, and drug-free environments that support student academic achievement, as described in section 4108, which may include— (i) coordinating with any local educational agencies or consortia of such agencies implementing a youth PROMISE plan to reduce exclusionary discipline, as described in section 4108(5)(F); (ii) supporting local educational agencies to— (I) implement mental health awareness training programs that are evidence-based (to the extent the State determines that such evidence is reasonably available) to provide education to school personnel regarding resources available in the community for students with mental illnesses and other relevant resources relating to mental health or the safe de-escalation of crisis situations involving a student with a mental illness; or (II) expand access to or coordinate resources for school-based counseling and mental health programs, such as through school-based mental health services partnership programs; (iii) providing local educational agencies with resources that are evidence-based (to the extent the State determines that such evidence is reasonably available) addressing ways to integrate health and safety practices into school or athletic programs; and (iv) disseminating best practices and evaluating program outcomes relating to any local educational agency activities to promote student safety and violence prevention through effective communication as described in section 4108(5)(C)(iv); and (C) increase access to personalized, rigorous learning experiences supported by technology by— (i) providing technical assistance to local educational agencies to improve the ability of local educational agencies to— (I) identify and address technology readiness needs, including the types of technology infrastructure and access available to the students served by the local educational agency, including computer devices, access to school libraries, Internet connectivity, operating systems, software, related network infrastructure, and data security; (II) use technology, consistent with the principles of universal design for learning, to support the learning needs of all students, including children with disabilities and English learners; and (III) build capacity for principals, other school leaders, and local educational agency administrators to support teachers in using data and technology to improve instruction and personalize learning; (ii) supporting schools in rural and remote areas to expand access to high-quality digital learning opportunities; (iii) developing or using strategies that are innovative or evidence-based (to the extent the State determines that such evidence is reasonably available) for the delivery of specialized or rigorous academic courses and curricula through the use of technology, including digital learning technologies and assistive technology, which may include increased access to online dual or concurrent enrollment opportunities, career and technical courses, and programs leading to a recognized postsecondary credential (as defined in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102)); (iv) disseminating promising practices related to technology instruction, data security, and the acquisition and implementation of technology tools and applications, including through making such promising practices publicly available on the website of the State educational agency; (v) providing teachers, paraprofessionals, school librarians and media personnel, specialized instructional support personnel, and administrators with the knowledge and skills to use technology effectively, including effective integration of technology, to improve instruction and student achievement, which may include coordination with teacher, principal, and other school leader preparation programs; and (vi) making instructional content widely available through open educational resources, which may include providing tools and processes to support local educational agencies in making such resources widely available. (c) SPECIAL RULE.—A State that receives a grant under this subpart for fiscal year 2017 may use the amount made available to the State and not reserved under paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) for such fiscal year to cover part or all of the fees for accelerated learning examinations taken by low-income students during the 2016-2017 school year, in accordance with subsection (b)(3)(A)(ii).
The discovery of cheap and convenient oil enabled humans to establish highly advanced civilizations in the 20th century. However, due to the excessive use of limited oil, production of oil is likely to hit a peak sometime between 2010 and 2030, according to experts. It was only three or four years ago when oil prices remained at $20 per barrel. Now, most think tanks and researchers project that oil prices will hover at around $100 per barrel for the near future. The proportion of oil use will decrease while that of alternative energies like bio fuels and solar energy will increase. However, coal is almost the only energy source that can replace oil in the near future. The oil dependency issue will be solved only when the technology of solar energy, hydrogen energy and nuclear fusion is fully developed. This will probably come after 2050. Thus, we have to focus on coal to replace oil until 2050. A useful energy source meets three requirements; it should be abundant, affordable and clean. Unfortunately, there is no energy source that satisfies all three. Coal reserves are three times larger than those of oil; coal is more evenly distributed around the earth than oil; and it is cheaper than oil. Therefore, coal is considered as one of the strongest candidates for an alternative energy source to oil. Relatively low oil prices since the oil shock have been the major stumbling block to the development of coal energy technology. However, chances are very slim that the era of low oil prices will continue. Since the technology of using low rank coal, which is as abundant as high rank coal, as an energy source has been developed, it is highly likely that coal prices will become competitive. To use coal as an alternative energy, we should ensure its cleanliness. Coal emits much more carbon dioxide than oil or natural gas. If we can develop technology that can remove pollutants when using coal, we will be able to create cheap, clean coal energy as a complete alternative to oil. Clean coal energy would have a formidable impact on the world's energy market and help us overcome the problem of oil dependence. For Korea, which relies heavily on oil, using clean   coal  energy is almost the equivalent of achieving "energy independency." As clean coal energy does not emit pollutants, it can be deemed as a representative energy to promote low-carbon growth or, "green growth." Even though the Korean economy has achieved a remarkable growth through fast industrialization since the 1960s, it had to pay a heavy price of high dependency on overseas energy sources and pollution. Clean coal energy would not only solve such problems but would serve as a stepping stone for the economy to make another leap forward. The importance of developing clean coal technology is being felt not only in Korea but around the world, as nations are scrambling for more energy sources and imposing tougher regulations on carbon emissions. Due to such a prospective outlook, clean coal technology has been selected as one of the New Growth Engines by the government. From a long-term perspective, Korea plans to commercialize the clean gasification technology to produce synthetic oil using low rank coal as raw material and recycle carbon dioxide that is generated during the production procedure. The technology is expected to lower investment costs by half, compared to existing gasification technologies.
Founded in London in 1958 as part of a Cold War-era alignment of elite European scholars, policy wonks, nationalist politicians, and military experts, the International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS) has be- come widely recognized as one of the worlds leading think tanks regard- ing nuclear deterrence and international security." The IISS might also be considered among the leading architects of the global threat- construction industry. For example, following 9/11, when U.S. President George W. Bush embarked on his hunt for weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, and while he was receiving mixed intelligence from his CIA and other intelligence agencies," U.S. officials hoping to find evidence to match the president's wishes turned to an IISS report claiming that "Iraq could build a nuclear bomb within months if it was able to obtain fissile material. We now know that Iraq possessed neither such capabilities nor the necessary materials.3 1 Given its dubious record on such matters, and considering how the West's threat-construction think tanks have so consistently supported the North Atlantic Treaty Organization's (NATO's) policies of armed anti- Communist containment-thus ensuring enormous military budgets32-it takes no great leap of the imagination to assume that the IISS is perceived in the People's Republic of China (PRC) as little more than a front for the continued Western military domination of the globe. Moreover, given the long-standing and romantic trope in the West of "Shangri-la" as a Tibetan wonderland of peace and beauty-and thus, via its tortured relationship to China, for the idea of "Shangri-la" to serve as an embodied critique of communism"-it seems no great stretch to assume that the annual IISS- sponsored "Shangri-La Dialogue" stands for the PRC's leaders as yet an- other indication of how Western think tanks continue to encircle China with high-profile events catering to the cultural fantasies, political aspira- tions, and military needs of its enemies." Viewed from this perspective, it makes sense that when U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel spoke at the IISS-led Shangri-La Dialogue in Singapore in the summer of 2014, his speech was received by the CCP as an insult, a provocation, and possibly a call to war. For the purposes of my analysis of political style, the speech indicates how so much of U.S. foreign policy amounts less to invitations to deliberation than to declarations of superiority, less to calls for negotiation and understanding than to illustrations of unilateral hubris. In short, anal- ysis of Hagel's speech illustrates why international audiences perceive an "incredibly arrogant" tone at the heart of America's imperial style." Before Secretary Hagel's speech, the New York Times noted that "China is betting that America, tired and looking inward, will back off" from its long-standing role as ultimate guarantor of stability in Asia." Indeed, the sense that the United States is an aging and decrepit power losing its will to lead is ubiquitous in China. As if to rebut such thinking, a grim and determined Secretary Hagel began his Singapore speech by thanking the assembled governmental and military representatives from the United States and the allies in the room from Vietnam, Malaysia, Japan, South Korea, Australia, and the Philippines"-in this way, he drew a map of the U.S.-allied Asian nations that encircle China, thus reminding the CCl"s leaders that the United States remains the lone superpower and the region's military master." Secretary Hagel then uncorked a list of "serious threats," which, for the sake of clarity, I will repeat here, with each claim followed by the threat's implied message?" Threat 1: "We see ongoing territorial and maritime disputes in the South and East China Sea"-suggesting that China's recent moves regarding disputed islands, and not the actions of Japan, or Vietnam, or others, are the driving force in the region's slide into instability. Threat 2: "North Korea's provocative behavior and its nuclear weap- ons and missile programs"-implying that China's sole ally in the region, and its longest-standing client state, was fueling nuclear insta- bility in Asia, presumably with China's blessing." Threat 3: "The long-term challenge of climate change and natural disasters"-implying that China was not doing enough to stop the former or enough to support victims of the latter, in essence calling the PRC a bad neighbor." Threat 4: "The destructive and destabilizing power of cyber-attacks"- which, of course, references attacks launched by the PRC, which, despite the number of cyber-attacks directed against it, and despite the United States' much-chronicled cyber illegalities, has been portrayed in many Western outlets as the epicenter of a new age of cyber thievery, espionage, and sabotage." In case the message behind those four threats was not clear, Secretary Hagel followed them with four "priorities," which I quote and then explain: Priority 1: The United States will be "standing firm against coercion, intimidation, and aggression"-essentially promising all Asian allies that the United States will not back down in the face of China's rising military strength and, more importantly, creating a rhetorical logic in which any PRC-led attempt to realign regional power amounts to "aggression." Priority 2: The United States will be "building a cooperative regional architecture based on international rules and norms"-meaning the United States will continue to work within the post-World War II "rules and norms" established by Western allies to contain commu- nism, including via such institutions as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, the Southeast Asia Treaty Organiza- tion, and military alliances with China's chief regional competitors, Japan and Taiwan." Priority 3: The United States will be "enhancing the capabilities of our allies"-indicating that military spending will be increased, as needed, to counter any growth in China's "capabilities." Priority 4: The United States will be "strengthening our own regional defense capabilities"-so even as it funds new weapons systems in Taiwan, Japan, and Vietnam, the United States will pursue its own enhanced military programs, basically telling China that it is encircled by a U.S.-led military alliance of unprecedented strength and technical sophistication." By this point in the speech, any notion that the United States might "back off" was gone. But just to make sure the full force of Secretary Hagel's message came through loud and clear, he followed his four "priorities" with four paragraphs in which he characterized China's recent actions in the region as "destabilizing," "intimidating," "coercive," and so on, amounting to a course of action that "the U.S. military would not abide.""' It is interesting to note that the defense secretary did not point to the govern- ment, but to the "U.S. military," thus adding a martial favor to the threat. Then, for good measure, Secretary Hagel added that the United States would "welcome the region's democratic development," thus picking at one of the CCP's sorest spots by saying that America would support democracy- pursuing actions everywhere, presumably including in Tibet, Taiwan, Hong Kong, and perhaps China proper." Given the overwhelmingly martial tone of the speech, this weak gesture toward democracy would seem to confirm the CCP's worst fears: that the United States deploys "democracy" as a thin notion meant to justify military domination. Indeed, even if Hagel occasionally sprinkled his speech with nods toward some key civic republican notions, he spent considerably more time celebrating the many ways the United States has chosen to strengthen its allies' war-making arsenals via the transfer of Apache helicopters to Indonesia, F-35 Joint Strike Fighters to South Korea, and both missile defense systems and missile defense ships to Iapan." To rub salt in the list of weapons deals, Secretary Hagel thanked ]apan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe-perhaps the most loathed man in all of China-for pushing ]apan's minimalist, post-World War II Collective Defense Posture away from its long-standing weakness toward a more robust position, what China Daily calls "fascist militarism."'" In summary, not since the early, post-9/ll days of President George W. Bush has an American statesman made such a powerful, no-holds- barred, in-your-face, America-leads-and-will-always-lead speech. Here was a full-throated call for the United States to claim its place not only as the world's policeman but as a nation willing and able to call upon a wide network of allies to wage regional war in the name of democracy. Secretary Hagel gave no indication of the need to try to understand China's positions on any matters, instead calling them to task for not following the United States' wishes; he gave no indication that dialogue might be useful, instead issuing demands, calls to action, unilateral commands. He embodied, in short, what can only be called an imperial rhetorical style. As readers familiar with life in China would anticipate, Secretary Hagel's speech produced a backlash in the PRC, wherein old Communist clichés and new nationalist slogans were marshaled across the full spectrum of the CCP's media landscape not only to rebut Secretary Hagel's claims but to decry the United States as the Land of All Evil. This response would be familiar to Chinese audiences, as Deng Xiaoping once said that the United States' "talk of human rights, free- dom, and democracy is designed only to safeguard the interests of the strong, rich countries," which habitually "bully weak countries."5" Sec- retary Hagel's militarist claims thus led to two damaging consequences: first, in the short term, they confirmed the CCP's belief that President Obama's "pivot" to Asia-which he has described in prudent, pragmatic, and peaceful terms5 '-was in fact cover for renewed imperial ambitions in the Pacific; second, in the long term, they confirmed long-standing fears about the United States deploying "democracy" as justification for "bully- [ing] weak countries." And so, even while much of the CCP's response was overblown and unnecessarily hostile, it was also logical, for by Secretary Hagel so clearly linking the promotion of "democracy" to the military interests noted herein, thus in turn coloring President Obama's "pivot" in hostile terms, he made the CCP's case: talk of democracy is a thin veil covering the military ambitions of an empire itching for a fight.
The city of Baltimore was rocked by protests and riots over the death of Freddie Gray, a 25-year-old African American man who died in police custody. Tragically, Gray’s death was only one of a recent in a series of racially-charged, often violent, incidents. On April 4th, Walter Scott was fatally shot by a police officer after fleeing from a routine traffic stop. On March 8th, Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity members were caught on camera gleefully chanting, “There Will Never Be A N***** In SAE.” On March 1st, a homeless Black man was shot in broad daylight by a Los Angeles police officer. And these are not isolated incidents, of course. Institutional and systemic racism reinforce discrimination in countless situations, including hiring, sentencing, housing, and even mortgage lending. It would be easy to see in all this powerful evidence that racism is a permanent fixture in America’s social fabric and even, perhaps, an inevitable aspect of human nature. Indeed, the mere act of labeling others according to their age, gender, or race is a reflexive habit of the human mind. Social categories, like race, impact our thinking quickly, often outside of our awareness. Extensive research has found that these implicit racial biases—negative thoughts and feelings about people from other races—are automatic, pervasive, and difficult to suppress. Neuroscientists have also explored racial prejudice by exposing people to images of faces while scanning their brains in fMRI machines. Early studies found that when people viewed faces of another race, the amount of activity in the amygdala—a small brain structure associated with experiencing emotions, including fear—was associated with individual differences on implicit measures of racial bias. This work has led many to conclude that racial biases might be part of a primitive—and possibly hard-wired—neural fear response to racial out-groups. There is little question that categories such as race, gender, and age play a major role in shaping the biases and stereotypes that people bring to bear in their judgments of others. However, research has shown that how people categorize themselves may be just as fundamental to understanding prejudice as how they categorize others. When people categorize themselves as part of a group, their self-concept shifts from the individual (“I”) to the collective level (“us”). People form groups rapidly and favor members of their own group even when groups are formed on arbitrary grounds, such as the simple flip of a coin. These findings highlight the remarkable ease with which humans form coalitions. Recent research confirms that coalition-based preferences trump race-based preferences. For example, both Democrats and Republicans favor the resumes of those affiliated with their political party much more than they favor those who share their race. These coalition-based preferences remain powerful even in the absence of the animosity present in electoral politics. Our research has shown that the simple act of placing people on a mixed-race team can diminish their automatic racial bias. In a series of experiments, White participants who were randomly placed on a mixed-race team—the Tigers or Lions—showed little evidence of implicit racial bias. Merely belonging to a mixed-race team trigged positive automatic associations with all of the members of their own group, irrespective of race. Being a part of one of these seemingly trivial mixed-race groups produced similar effects on brain activity—the amygdala responded to team membership rather than race. Taken together, these studies indicate that momentary changes in group membership can override the influence of race on the way we see, think about, and feel toward people who are different from ourselves. Although these coalition-based distinctions might be the most basic building block of bias, they say little about the other factors that cause group conflict. Why do some groups get ignored while others get attacked? Whenever we encounter a new person or group we are motivated to answer two questions as quickly as possible: “is this person a friend or foe?” and “are they capable of enacting their intentions toward me?” In other words, once we have determined that someone is a member of an out-group, we need to determine what kind? The nature of the relations between groups—are we cooperative, competitive, or neither?—and their relative status—do you have access to resources?—largely determine the course of intergroup interactions. Groups that are seen as competitive with one’s interests, and capable of enacting their nasty intentions, are much more likely to be targets of hostility than more benevolent (e.g., elderly) or powerless (e.g., homeless) groups. This is one reason why sports rivalries have such psychological potency. For instance, fans of the Boston Red Sox are more likely to feel pleasure, and exhibit reward-related neural responses, at the misfortunes of the archrival New York Yankees than other baseball teams (and vice versa)—especially in the midst of a tight playoff race. (How much fans take pleasure in the misfortunes of their rivals is also linked to how likely they would be to harm fans from the other team.) Just as a particular person’s group membership can be flexible, so too are the relations between groups. Groups that have previously had cordial relations may become rivals (and vice versa). Indeed, psychological and biological responses to out-group members can change, depending on whether or not that out-group is perceived as threatening. For example, people exhibit greater pleasure—they smile—in response to the misfortunes of stereotypically competitive groups (e.g., investment bankers); however, this malicious pleasure is reduced when you provide participants with counter-stereotypic information (e.g., “investment bankers are working with small companies to help them weather the economic downturn). Competition between “us” and “them” can even distort our judgments of distance, making threatening out-groups seem much closer than they really are. These distorted perceptions can serve to amplify intergroup discrimination: the more different and distant “they” are, the easier it is to disrespect and harm them. Thus, not all out-groups are treated the same: some elicit indifference whereas others become targets of antipathy. Stereotypically threatening groups are especially likely to be targeted with violence, but those stereotypes can be tempered with other information. If perceptions of intergroup relations can be changed, individuals may overcome hostility toward perceived foes and become more responsive to one another’s grievances. The flexible nature of both group membership and intergroup relations offers reason to be cautiously optimistic about the potential for greater cooperation among groups in conflict (be they black versus white or citizens versus police). One strategy is to bring multiple groups together around a common goal. For example, during the fiercely contested 2008 Democratic presidential primary process, Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama supporters gave more money to strangers who supported the same primary candidate (compared to the rival candidate). Two months later, after the Democratic National Convention, the supporters of both candidates coalesced around the party nominee—Barack Obama—and this bias disappeared. In fact, merely creating a sense of cohesion between two competitive groups can increase empathy for the suffering of our rivals. These sorts of strategies can help reduce aggression toward hostile out-groups, which is critical for creating more opportunities for constructive dialogue addressing greater social injustices. Of course, instilling a sense of common identity and cooperation is extremely difficult in entrenched intergroup conflicts, but when it happens, the benefits are obvious. Consider how the community leaders in New York City and Ferguson responded differently to protests against police brutality—in NYC political leaders expressed grief and concern over police brutality and moved quickly to make policy changes in policing, whereas the leaders and police in Ferguson responded with high-tech military vehicles and riot gear. In the first case, multiple groups came together with a common goal—to increase the safety of everyone in the community; in the latter case, the actions of the police likely reinforced the “us” and “them” distinctions. Tragically, these types of conflicts continue to roil the country. Understanding the psychology and neuroscience of social identity and intergroup relations cannot undo the effects of systemic racism and discriminatory practices; however, it can offer insights into the psychological processes responsible for escalating the tension between, for example, civilians and police officers. Even in cases where it isn’t possible to create a common identity among groups in conflict, it may be possible to blur the boundaries between groups. In one recent experiment, we sorted participants into groups—red versus blue team—competing for a cash prize. Half of the participants were randomly assigned to see a picture of a segregated social network of all the players, in which red dots clustered together, blue dots clustered together, and the two clusters were separated by white space. The other half of the participants saw an integrated social network in which the red and blue dots were mixed together in one large cluster. Participants who thought the two teams were interconnected with one another reported greater empathy for the out-group players compared to those who had seen the segregated network. Thus, reminding people that individuals could be connected to one another despite being from different groups may be another way to build trust and understanding among them. A mere month before Freddie Gray died in police custody, President Obama addressed the nation on the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday in Selma: “We do a disservice to the cause of justice by intimating that bias and discrimination are immutable, or that racial division is inherent to America. To deny…progress – our progress – would be to rob us of our own agency; our responsibility to do what we can to make America better." The president was saying that we, as a society, have a responsibility to reduce prejudice and discrimination. These recent findings from psychology and neuroscience indicate that we, as individuals, possess this capacity. Of course this capacity is not sufficient to usher in racial equality or peace. Even when the level of prejudice against particular out-groups decreases, it does not imply that the level of institutional discrimination against these or other groups will necessarily improve. Ultimately, only collective action and institutional evolution can address systemic racism. The science is clear on one thing, though: individual bias and discrimination are changeable. Race-based prejudice and discrimination, in particular, are created and reinforced by many social factors, but they are not inevitable consequences of our biology. Perhaps understanding how coalitional thinking impacts
I observed the importance of perceptions in creating prestige during fieldwork at two international weapons shows. Many manufacturers tried to portray their weapons as particularly important by unveiling them at a designated time during the show, drawing significant crowds and creating an air of excitement by pumping music through nearby speakers, or using security ropes to allow only important visitors – usually in military uniforms or other official-looking attendees – nearest to the weapon. During an outdoor demonstration of a number of weapons, the “coolness” factor of an armored vehicle was enhanced through a hard rock soundtrack. The tempo of the music was used to manipulate the audience’s perceptions of the weapon on display, and varied based on how much perceptions of different weapons needed to be manipulated.72 More mundane weapons, like a firetruck and a fueling vehicle, were accompanied by explosions, to get the audience to pay attention and to associate these weapons with the battlefield, rather than support roles. Throughout the convention halls, brochures touted specific capabilities or linked a particular weapon to a known prestigious weapon. For example, Finnish arms company Patria emphasized its integration of weapons systems in its Armored Modular Vehicle as providing “the digital backbone for 21st century soldiers,” perhaps trying to portray this armored vehicle – usually not very technologically sophisticated – as at the technological cutting edge, and thus prestigious. The concept of prestige is not reducible to the economic cost of the weapons transfer. First, states often give weapons at free or significantly discounted rates to friends and allies. Second, there is no agreed upon way to calculate cost. For example, the AGM-154 Joint Standoff Weapon, produced by Raytheon, has an acquisition cost of $3.3 billion. But because the Navy and Air Force ordered 12,000 missiles the per-unit production cost is $246,585.73 By contrast, General Dynamic’s M1A1 Abrams Tank has a per-unit cost of $2.38 million.74 The Abrams tank, though a useful main battle tank, was first produced in the 1970s, where as the JSOW is a brand-new missile. Determining prestige based on cost would be misleading in this case. Further, some transfer agreements include contracts for maintenance and/or spare parts. This would increase the value of the transfer, but would not indicate anything about prestige.75 Prestige is a heuristic used by a variety of actors to make inferences about the future relationship between the sending and receiving states. This heuristic suggests that higher prestige weapons signify a greater relationship to come; states woo one another with the prettiest, most attention-grabbing weapons. Different types of weapons – like gifts between two individuals – reflect the weight of the relationship, and change in type and/or amount as the closeness between the states changes.76 Weapons are certainly valuable for their military functions, but the symbol of prestigious weapons is a way of distinguishing allies from non-allies,77 can be an invitation to a closer relationship,78 and is an expression of the sender’s perception of the receiver.79 Prestigious weapons are a visible signal of commitment and interest, and states are therefore more circumspect in transferring these weapons. Less prestigious weapons are more likely to be transferred because they don’t signal a deep commitment; they are one of the means states have for expressing potential interest. Low prestige doesn’t mean that the weapon is devoid of use: support weapons like transport aircraft or armored personnel carriers are essential for both offensive and defensive operations. But because every state that has a functioning military needs to pay attention to the “tail” in the tooth-to-tail ratio, the transfer of low prestige weapons is not nearly as noticeable and does not constitute a political relationship in the same way as high prestige weapons. Treating prestige as a heuristic is in line with the cognitive psychology literature that reminds us that individuals use heuristic principles to reduce the complex task of assessing probability and predicting outcomes, especially in situations of high uncertainty.80 Weapons prestige functions as a representative and an availability heuristic: it is the cue by which states reduce complex inputs about the future.81 In this case, cognitive psychology applies as much to the state as to individuals. States are composed of individuals, and we know that people reflect on their lifetime of experiences in making associations between particular actions as part of a larger class of actions.82 This process should be compounded in states because of both institutional and national memories: while an individual will rely on events from her lifetime, states institutions and bureaucracies effectively increase the “lifetime” of events on which individuals can rely for making these judgments. Further, the actors involved as the individual, bureaucratic, and state-level decision-making process are especially attentive to signaling and intentions, increasing the salience of this heuristic. Prestige, then, is a perceptually determined assessment of weapons, that draws on technology, firepower, and the status of states that use the weapon.
Congress Goes Bipartisan—Against Civil Liberties The parties collude to defeat accountability for the national-security state. Civil liberties are theoretically a bipartisan concern. Conservative Republicans who don’t like Obamacare’s “death panels” should be outraged by presidential kill lists. Liberal Democrats who defend due process ought to be offended by secret surveillance law. Protectors of the First and Second Amendments should have a high regard for the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth. Yet restricting civil liberties is what actually commands bipartisan support in Washington. The same Congress that barely averted the fiscal cliff swiftly passed extensions of warrantless wiretapping and indefinite detention, assuring Americans that only the bad guys will be affected but evincing little interest in establishing whether this is really the case. The same Congress that failed to come up with an agreement to avoid sequestration appears to have bipartisan majorities in favor of profligate drone use at home and abroad. Lawmakers are generally less exercised about the confirmation of likely CIA chief John Brennan than Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel. At the very time it appears Washington is so dysfunctional that the two parties cannot get anything done, Democrats and Republicans cooperate regularly—when it it comes to jailing, spying on, and meting out extrajudicial punishments in ways that on their face contradict the Bill of Rights. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid argued that preserving the Bush administration’s national surveillance program—now for the benefit of the Obama administration—was more important than Christmas. Republican Sen. Saxby Chambliss didn’t even want any amendments. The Senate overwhelmingly rejected an amendment that would apply the same protections against unlawful search and seizure to emails and text messages that already exist for letters, phone calls, and presumably the carrier pigeon. Despite deep divisions over taxes and domestic spending, members of both parties tend to sing from the same song sheet about the Patriot Act, the National Defense Authorization Act, and the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act amendments. So much for the Democrats’ bedrock belief in the right to privacy or Republicans’ convictions about limited government.
However, after Trump’s Mar-a-Lago summit with Chinese President Xi Jinping, the administration’s tone has changed. In an interview with Reuters, Trump was asked about another call with Tsai. Trump replied that he had “a very good relationship with President Xi… and would want to speak to him first.” This indicated that relations with Taiwan would be constrained by Trump’s hope for Chinese cooperation on North Korea. No previous administration had made such a trade off between our Taiwan and North Korean interests. Recognizing how such a linkage damages U.S. credibility, Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis subsequently included in his address to the Shangri-La Dialogue a clear restatement of our commitment to supply Taiwan with defense articles in keeping with the Taiwan Relations Act. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has reassured the Congress that the U.S. intends to keep its commitments to Taiwan. There is no doubt that Taiwan requires additional defense articles. What should be sold is a matter of debate, but the fundamental fact is that the People’s Liberation Army’s (PLA) capabilities against Taiwan continue to expand. The PLA defense budget is now about 14 times larger than Taiwan’s. The Department of Defense’s 2017 report on security developments in the PRC concludes that, despite Taipei’s defense improvements, the defensive advantages Taiwan has enjoyed are declining. Delaying arms sales to Taiwan is one issue that is undermining regional confidence in the United States. The delay is part of a pattern of actions or inactions by the Trump administration that has weakened U.S. credibility in Asia. That is why Mattis had to make so many specific reassuring statements in his address in Singapore. Nevertheless, there is uncertainty about whether those words will be implemented or overruled by the president, as has happened on other issues. Consequently, the notification to Congress of new arms sales is essential to putting these doubts to rest. In the meantime, inaction feeds uncertainty. Since President Trump tweeted about “one China” last December, the Taiwan media has been full of commentary questioning whether the United States is reliable. Not surprisingly, the pro-PRC media has argued that, since Trump will treat Taiwan as a bargaining chip, it is foolish for Taiwan to rely on the United States and that greater accommodation with Beijing is required. Even some commentators well disposed toward the United States have said that the more volatile environment under Trump is a new reality. The delay in announcing new arms sales has been cited as evidence of Washington’s declining reliability. Taiwan’s 2017 Ministry of Defense Quadrennial Defense Report released in May stated for the first time that U.S. policy toward Taiwan “remains to be seen.” Trump’s belief that his good relations with Xi require him to consult Beijing about Taiwan is based on a flawed understanding of China. China respects power and a consistent commitment to one’s principles. Consequently, successive U.S. administrations have sought to convince Beijing that the peaceful settlement of cross-strait differences is a matter of principle for the United States. The tradeoff of one U.S. interest for another will only lead Beijing to conclude that the Washington does not have any principles. By indicating that relations with Taiwan can be traded away for Beijing’s support on North Korea, Trump has damaged the U.S. interest with respect to maintaining peace in the Taiwan Strait. The delays in arms sales decisions could be avoided if the U.S. government adopted a practice of regularly approving sales rather than accumulating items into packages that are more politically sensitive to Beijing. Although the wisdom of this has been recognized both in and out of government for at least two decades, successive administrations have been unable to implement regular approvals. Given the president’s penchant for changing his views and given the uncertainty of who can speak with authority for his administration, it is truer than ever that action speaks louder than words. An early notification of new arms for Taiwan is necessary to put to rest doubts that are undermining the credibility of U.S. support for Taiwan’s security.
This element can be seen in relation to both the themes and concepts of analysis and the agents of knowledge. For example, as part of an appraisal of Western theories of modernization and neo-liberalism, identifying the relative absence of a critical consideration of the history of Western societies and specifically the role therein of colonialism and Empire can form part of the development of critical knowledge. By specifying and analysing the significance of the absence or silence, an alternative vision can be developed. Crucial to this absence is the failure to appreciate the pivotal significance of Western invasiveness, penetration and intervention. The coloniality and imperiality of power are rooted in the will and capacity to invade and penetrate – the imperial, as contrasted to the colonial, not necessarily requiring the possession of territory. Also, the coloniality and imperiality of power can be used to raise the issue of the imbrication of inside and outside in the sense of tracing the domestic and foreign implications of the colonial and imperial moments. Clearly, Empire, for example, is not a phenomenon that only resides in the international domain; it also affects the domestic terrain, as will be seen in subsequent chapters. In a similar vein, but in relation to the subjects or agents of knowledge, pointing to the absence of other voices of analysis based in the South constitutes a part of the same critical project of opening up a different kind of interpretive agenda. The exclusion or subordinating inclusion of the intellectual other can be seen as part of the overall politics of occidental privilege. Signaling such an absence and indicating its significance does not have to lead into implicitly underwriting an uncritical reading of the intellectual South. Rather, it is both to question those texts that make the intellectual South invisible and to open up and amplify the analytical terrain – making the absence critically present. Absence, in the way I define it here, therefore, has a duality; it is thematic and conceptual, and also present in relation to the differential exclusion and inclusion of the agents of knowledge.
