<|TOPIC|>Should Psychiatrists Be Allowed to Diagnose Trump?<|ARGUMENT|>Psychiatrists argue that Trump's digital trail makes him one of the most analyzable public figures in history. He has over thirty-four thousand tweets, hundreds of television appearances, and a huge trove of journalism documenting his every action. Hence in his case, an observation from afar is not necessarily inferior to an in-person observation.<|ASPECTS|>inferior, digital trail, journalism, analyzable public figures<|CONCLUSION|>
<|TOPIC|>NA<|ARGUMENT|>Where does the concept yellow fever come from? Personally, I believe that many people – especially in the comment sections of the internet – subconsciously view the subject of yellow fever in terms of racial status . What I mean is that many people tend to view white men as possessing a higher degree of social capital as a function of historical factors such as colonialism. For example, I think that – especially for people in southeast Asia – one tends to ascribe to them a certain extent of social and historical power as a result of their race. Essentially we project the phenomenon of historical exertion of power onto those who fall under the rubric of white men . For me, this represents a problem in how those people view women. I know it might sound dramatic at first, but I'll try my best to explain what I mean. In a sense, I believe people view this subject not primarily in terms of race, but in terms of power and social status . What I mean is that in order to determine why some people tend to view Asian women as particularly attractive, you have to look at attraction in itself. Implicit in the view that some western men apparently hold, that Asian women are particularly desirable partners, is that what makes them attractive is partly a function of them being Asian . So what, then, is this attraction ? The only way I see that it makes sense is if the things you ascribe to Asians is what drives the attraction. So essentially, the attributes of the stereotype is what is attractive. So what are the stereotypes? Let me briefly start with the view from the woman's side. In southeast Asia, dating white men is apparently seen as being extra desirable, hence the terms gaijin hunter or white fever . So what drives this attraction? It seems to me to be largely a function of the heritage of colonialism and perceived cultural power Hollywood, pop culture, etc. . If you look at it through this lens, the implicit points of attraction for women is their perceived social status and their ability to exercise power, as compared to other read Asian men. Essentially this boils down to stereotypically masculine traits being perceived as particularly attractive, and this then being reinterpreted though a racialized lens. This perceived differential in masculinity would then necessarily lead to an implicit rank ordering of different ethnicities, with the western men coming out on top. Hence the widespread negative stereotyping of Asian men as 'feminine' apparently a negative attribute? . This leads one to assume that some Asian women thus regard themselves as lower on this hierarchy , which would then lead to them looking to date outside of their in group. The most problematic part of this is what it says about the men looking to date these women. If this implicit framing of racial relations holds true, these women would appear to be objectified as sexually more available. The apparent reason then would appear to be the power differential in the relationship leading to white men being perceived as more desirable partners as compared to others, thus leading one to assume that the difference in power is what is driving the attraction , thus leading one to the conclusion that whiteness is secondary only to power . This is problematic for several reasons. The reason that Asian women appear to be particularly attractive, is due to their lower societal status compared to white women. This is likely due to feminism successfully limiting the patriarchy in the west. Hence the situation where women are no longer as beholden to men, leading to a sense of vulnerability for the men – probably engendering a sense of fragility, which damages the male ego. Of course, this increased vulnerability is antithesis to the desired male self image of being, essentially, powerful in the sense of limitless control and dominance of women's bodies . This awakens the male womb envy look it up and leads to him lashing out by means of projection, hence labeling liberated women as less desirable . So, then the male gaze turns to the women whose bodies are perceived as more easily controllable read Asian women . So by this analysis, the white man views the Asian woman as a type of cultural and sexual object to be conquered. As far as I can tell, the following four categories are the primary source of attraction 1 Her perceived powerlessness , as a function of the colonial legacy of whiteness this is viewed as a female – and hence attractive – attribute . 2 Her perceived dependence , as a function of the historical one sidedness of white colonialism – a further attribute of male attraction. 3 Her exotification , an attribute not found in non racified western women. The Asian female body is viewed as an object or a toy to be bought, tested and consumed, like other objects as a function of capitalism. Because this way of consuming requires perpetual consumption of novelty as opposed to valuing the function of an object , women's bodies are treated in the same way as novelties or so called innovation . 4 Her perceived whiteness . Despite technically being considered as racified, the Asian woman is paradoxically perceived as inheriting whiteness. Her skin pigmentation – unlike many lightly pigmented Arabs, or even African Americans – is seen as white, which carries with it a great deal of privileges. For example, less perceived foreignness despite being considered as racified. Thus, the reason that white men view the Asian woman as more attractive, is a function of her own perceived powerlessness and controllability, as a result of centuries of western colonialism as interpreted through the sprectre of race. Considering that the male attraction is based on the degree of control over the female body and delegation of any subsequent child rearing , white men see Asian women as uniquely suitable partners, both long and short term. This is in contrast to other racified and non racified women, as they don't give him access to this perceived combination of sexual and socio political power and satisfaction. Sorry if it's a bit rambly, but I hope I got the main point across TL DR White men like Asian women because they offer them a sense of perceived power and control. Asian women prefer western men as a consequence of them subconsciously symbolizing colonialism edit symbolizing power as a direct or indirect see Japan function of colonialism. Edit Sorry if this post comes across as a bit harsh and dogmatic, but I'm really open to have my notions challenged. Just please be civil <|ASPECTS|>, asian, view, racialized, white, racified, attributes, less desirable, patriarchy, attraction, social status, sidedness, capitalism, limitless control, limiting, consumption of novelty, masculine traits, female, attractive, exercise power, perpetual, novelties, cultural and sexual object, yellow fever, stereotype, secondary, male womb envy, men, self, dogmatic, negative stereotyping, controllable, rank ordering, controllability, fragility, male attraction, desirable partners, socio political power, colonial legacy, satisfaction, power differential, ego, differential, racial relations, power and control, privileges, historical exertion of power, power, exotification, difference, perceived, social and historical power, colonialism, skin pigmentation, stereotypes, extra, date, dependence, vulnerability, negative, race, tested, racial status, western men, sexually more available, foreignness, powerlessness, heritage of colonialism, problematic, easily, white fever, less, uniquely suitable partners, innovation, stereotypically, sexual, lower, whiteness, control over the female body, view women, dramatic, lower societal status, social capital, harsh, prefer, desirable, sprectre of race, hierarchy, notions challenged, historical factors, masculinity, liberated women, problem, cultural power, dominance<|CONCLUSION|>
<|TOPIC|>NA<|ARGUMENT|>How is it that in language we have saying a word that is more unacceptable than others? What feature of it actually makes it any more insulting rude than another word that means the same? What I also find ridiculous is that there's the order of swearing and how even within swearing there's a hierarcy and severity of words. What makes fuck shit cunt so different from 'milder' swear words like bollocks crap? I understand there's a view that these words aren't bonafide swear words, but they still can bump up age ratings for films and can have a tendency to offend . It seems to me that within language this concept of worse words than others ridiculous, as there's no reason why they are worse to me. <|ASPECTS|>hierarcy, order, offend, age ratings, insulting rude, worse words, unacceptable, severity of words<|CONCLUSION|>
<|TOPIC|>Abortion<|ARGUMENT|>Denying someone life because of the circumstances of their conception is unfair. They had no say in these circumstances, and were, instead, simply given life. It does not matter what the conditions of this life were. It is still wrong to kill life, particularly an unborn baby.<|ASPECTS|>wrong, someone life, conditions, circumstances, kill life, unfair, given life<|CONCLUSION|>
<|TOPIC|>NA<|ARGUMENT|>I really want to believe that there is a god, and that I won't fade away into oblivion when I die. But I feel like I would be lying to myself if I starting following a religion. When people have dreams in their sleep where they talk to their dead loved ones, it's obvious that it's all just coming from their own brain. When people see heaven as they die, it's because more oxygen has been flooding to their brain causing them to hallucinate. As science and technology has advanced over hundreds of years, we are drifting further and further away from the idea of a god or an afterlife. I have a friend who is an A student and quite intelligent, and he is a strong Catholic. I also have another friend who is a vocal atheist, but he is a complete tool and extremely gullible. He was once told that a guy got suspended from school for not doing his maths homework, and he immediately believed. So how can somebody abandon their religious beliefs but also be so stupid? How can some people who are very intelligent also believe in God? Maybe atheists are just cynics who are over simplifying things. What if I am actually below average intelligence and I just can't see things the way religious people do? If I look at a religious person and I think that they are delusional, what makes me any different? What if I'm the delusional one? I know reddit is largely atheistic, so I have probably come to the wrong place to change my views of religion. But what the heck it's worth getting some other opinions anyway.<|ASPECTS|>, afterlife, god, fade, views of religion, average, intelligence, brain, simplifying things, lying, following, opinions, complete tool, people, oxygen, religious person, delusional, oblivion, atheists, maths homework, believe, vocal atheist, cynics, religious beliefs, dreams, intelligent, gullible, stupid, atheistic, hallucinate, heaven, strong catholic, religion, suspended from school, abandon<|CONCLUSION|>
