In the wake of the Great Recession, Chinese investors provided much needed capital and helped revive stalled projects , Chinese investment has helped propel megaprojects across the country that may not have otherwise proceeded, eliminating the accompanying job gains and tax receipts Furthermore, despite the large size of the U.S. real estate market and array of investment options available, other nations are also competing to attract Chinese investment. Chinese investment bolsters liquidity in the U.S. commercial and residential real estate markets, supports significant U.S. job creation, allows for expansion of Chinese firms into attractive long-term markets, provides opportunities for diversification for Chinese investors and strengthens bilateral cooperation through expanded business and individual relationships. For commercial real estate markets in the United States, the presence of new sources of investor demand can create a healthier, more stable environment. Sustained Chinese investment will create additional liquidity, creating more opportunities for owners of real estate assets to buy and sell properties Moreover, increased liquidity can attract greater investment from other investors in the market who may not have pursued an opportunity but see the expanded opportunities to eventually sell the asset This has served not only to advance projects that were stalled but also to promote more competitive rates and terms from lenders Chinese buyers provide a much-needed source of buyer demand for home sales. Tight mortgage credit availability, the difficulty of saving for a down payment, and millennials’ proclivity to rent for longer – have pushed the U.S. homeownership rate to the lowest level in 20 years. Although a boost in Chinese demand will have some benefit for existing home sales, the Chinese preference for new homes can provide an even greater boost to U.S. homebuilders, Economy Increased investment and development of real estate are significant sources of job creation. The recent recession decimated the construction industry, which has yet to recover to the employment level prior to the recession. Construction jobs are often the most visible type the types of projects being funded and built by Chinese investors are major projects, . Development of hotel, office, and retail properties fosters new permanent jobs, Chinese investment through the EB-5 program alone may have created at least 70,000 jobs in 2015, Furthermore, as more Chinese firms enter the United States, more and more will establish local offices, not only for executives coming in from China, but also the hiring of U.S. workers. Entrepreneurial immigrant investors, provided entry to the United States via real estate investment programs such as EB-5, often go on to create new businesses in the United States that employ U.S. workers in a range of industries. The profits from selling real estate assets to Chinese buyers can also strengthen the U.S. economy, 100 In addition to job creation, the market stability provided by increased investment sources provides a range of broader economic benefits. Greater market stability helps some lenders better manage default risk, including local and regional banks that have a significant share of mortgages and construction/development loans These banks are key sources of credit for small businesses across the country. Helping stabilize real estate markets will mitigate some of the risk within lending portfolios, allowing banks to increase lending to small, local businesses
key findings about the benefits of inclusion for children and families All parents want their children to be accepted by their peers, have friends and lead “regular” lives. Inclusive settings can make this vision a reality for many children with disabilities. Children develop a positive understanding of themselves and others children attend classes that reflect the similarities and differences of people in the real world, they learn to appreciate diversity. Respect and understanding grow when children of differing abilities and cultures play and learn together. Children with and without disabilities learn with and from each other in inclusive classes In inclusive classrooms, children with and without disabilities are expected to learn to read, write and do math. With higher expectations and good instruction children with disabilities learn academic skills. Children learn at their own pace and style within a nurturing learning environment.
Each State that receives an allotment under section 4103 shall use the funds for activities which may include (IV) accelerated learning programs that provide— (aa) postsecondary level courses accepted for credit at institutions of higher education including dual or concurrent enrollment programs postsecondary level instruction (ii) supporting local educational agencies to expand access to or coordinate resources for school-based counseling and mental health programs addressing ways to integrate health and safety practices into school or athletic programs (iii) developing or using strategies that are innovative or evidence-based which may include increased access to online career and technical courses programs leading to a recognized postsecondary credential as defined in the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act
production of oil is likely to hit a peak sometime between 2010 and 2030, according to experts coal is almost the only energy source that can replace oil in the near future. . Coal reserves are three times larger than those of oil; coal is more evenly distributed around the earth than oil; and it is cheaper than oil. Since the technology of using low rank coal as an energy source has been developed, it is highly likely that coal prices will become competitive Clean coal energy would have a formidable impact on the world's energy market and help us overcome the problem of oil dependence. For Korea, which relies heavily on oil, using    energy is almost the equivalent of achieving "energy independency." clean coal energy does not emit pollutants the Korean economy had to pay a heavy price of high dependency on overseas energy sources and pollution. Clean coal energy would not only solve such problems but would serve as a stepping stone for the economy to make another leap forward. Korea plans to produce synthetic oil using low rank coal The technology is expected to lower investment costs by half
Founded in London in 1958 as part of a Cold War-era alignment of elite European scholars, policy wonks, nationalist politicians, and military experts, the International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS) has be- come widely recognized as one of the worlds leading think tanks regard- ing nuclear deterrence and international security." For example, following 9/11, when U.S. President George W. Bush embarked on his hunt for weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, and while he was receiving mixed intelligence from his CIA and other intelligence agencies," U.S. officials hoping to find evidence to match the president's wishes turned to an IISS report claiming that "Iraq could build a nuclear bomb within months if it was able to obtain fissile material. We now know that Iraq possessed neither such capabilities nor the necessary materials Given its dubious record on such matters, and considering how the West's threat-construction think tanks have so consistently supported the North Atlantic Treaty Organization's (NATO's) policies of armed anti- Communist containment-thus ensuring enormous military budgets32-it takes no great leap of the imagination to assume that the IISS is perceived in the People's Republic of China (PRC) as little more than a front for the continued Western military domination of the globe. Moreover, given the long-standing and romantic trope in the West of "Shangri-la" as a Tibetan wonderland of peace and beauty-and thus, via its tortured relationship to China, for the idea of "Shangri-la" to serve as an embodied critique of communism"-it seems no great stretch to assume that the annual IISS- sponsored "Shangri-La Dialogue" stands for the PRC's leaders as yet an- other indication of how Western think tanks continue to encircle China with high-profile events catering to the cultural fantasies, political aspira- tions, and military needs of its enemies." Viewed from this perspective, it makes sense that when U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel spoke at the IISS-led Shangri-La Dialogue in Singapore in the summer of 2014, his speech was received by the CCP as an insult, a provocation, and possibly a call to war. For the purposes of my analysis of political style, the speech indicates how so much of U.S. foreign policy amounts less to invitations to deliberation than to declarations of superiority, less to calls for negotiation and understanding than to illustrations of unilateral hubris. Before Secretary Hagel's speech, the New York Times noted that "China is betting that America, tired and looking inward, will back off" from its long-standing role as ultimate guarantor of stability in Asia." As if to rebut such thinking, a grim and determined Secretary Hagel began his Singapore speech by thanking the assembled governmental and military representatives from the United States and the allies in the room from Vietnam, Malaysia, Japan, South Korea, Australia, and the Philippines"-in this way, he drew a map of the U.S.-allied Asian nations that encircle China, thus reminding the CCl"s leaders that the United States remains the lone superpower and the region's military master." Secretary Hagel then uncorked a list of "serious threats," which, for the sake of clarity, I will repeat here, with each claim followed by the threat's implied message?" Threat 1: "We see ongoing territorial and maritime disputes in the South and East China Sea"-suggesting that China's recent moves regarding disputed islands, and not the actions of Japan, or Vietnam, or others, are the driving force in the region's slide into instability. Threat 2: "North Korea's provocative behavior and its nuclear weap- ons and missile programs"-implying that China's sole ally in the region, and its longest-standing client state, was fueling nuclear insta- bility in Asia, presumably with China's blessing." Threat 3: "The long-term challenge of climate change and natural disasters"-implying that China was not doing enough to stop the former or enough to support victims of the latter, in essence calling the PRC a bad neighbor." Threat 4: "The destructive and destabilizing power of cyber-attacks"- which, of course, references attacks launched by the PRC, which, despite the number of cyber-attacks directed against it, and despite the United States' much-chronicled cyber illegalities, has been portrayed in many Western outlets as the epicenter of a new age of cyber thievery, espionage, and sabotage." In case the message behind those four threats was not clear, Secretary Hagel followed them with four "priorities," which I quote and then explain: Priority 1: The United States will be "standing firm against coercion, intimidation, and aggression"-essentially promising all Asian allies that the United States will not back down in the face of China's rising military strength and, more importantly, creating a rhetorical logic in which any PRC-led attempt to realign regional power amounts to "aggression." Priority 2: The United States will be "building a cooperative regional architecture based on international rules and norms"-meaning the United States will continue to work within the post-World War II "rules and norms" established by Western allies to contain commu- nism, including via such institutions as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, the Southeast Asia Treaty Organiza- tion, and military alliances with China's chief regional competitors, Japan and Taiwan." Priority 3: The United States will be "enhancing the capabilities of our allies"-indicating that military spending will be increased, as needed, to counter any growth in China's "capabilities." Priority 4: The United States will be "strengthening our own regional defense capabilities"-so even as it funds new weapons systems in Taiwan, Japan, and Vietnam, the United States will pursue its own enhanced military programs, basically telling China that it is encircled by a U.S.-led military alliance of unprecedented strength and technical sophistication." By this point in the speech, any notion that the United States might "back off" was gone Given the overwhelmingly martial tone of the speech, this weak gesture toward democracy would seem to confirm the CCP's worst fears: that the United States deploys "democracy" as a thin notion meant to justify military domination. Indeed, even if Hagel occasionally sprinkled his speech with nods toward some key civic republican notions, he spent considerably more time celebrating the many ways the United States has chosen to strengthen its allies' war-making arsenals via the transfer of Apache helicopters to Indonesia, F-35 Joint Strike Fighters to South Korea, and both missile defense systems and missile defense ships to Iapan." To rub salt in the list of weapons deals, Secretary Hagel thanked ]apan's Prime Here was a full-throated call for the United States to claim its place not only as the world's policeman but as a nation willing and able to call upon a wide network of allies to wage regional war in the name of democracy. As readers familiar with life in China would anticipate, Secretary Hagel's speech produced a backlash in the PRC, wherein old Communist clichés and new nationalist slogans were marshaled across the full spectrum of the CCP's media landscape not only to rebut Secretary Hagel's claims but to decry the United States as the Land of All Evil. Sec- retary Hagel's militarist claims thus led to two damaging consequences: first, in the short term, they confirmed the CCP's belief that President Obama's "pivot" to Asia-which he has described in prudent, pragmatic, and peaceful terms5 '-was in fact cover for renewed imperial ambitions in the Pacific; second, in the long term, they confirmed long-standing fears about the United States deploying "democracy" as justification for "bully- [ing] weak countries." And so, even while much of the CCP's response was overblown and unnecessarily hostile, it was also logical, for by Secretary Hagel so clearly linking the promotion of "democracy" to the military interests noted herein, thus in turn coloring President Obama's "pivot" in hostile terms, he made the CCP's case: talk of democracy is a thin veil covering the military ambitions of an empire itching for a fight.
Institutional and systemic racism reinforce discrimination in countless situations, including hiring, sentencing, housing, and even mortgage lending It would be easy to see in all this powerful evidence that racism is a permanent fixture in America’s social fabric and an inevitable aspect of human nature Extensive research has found that these implicit racial biases—negative thoughts and feelings about people from other races—are automatic, pervasive, and difficult to suppress Early studies found that when people viewed faces of another race, the amount of activity in the amygdala—a small brain structure associated with experiencing emotions, including fear—was associated with individual differences on implicit measures of racial bias There is little question that race play a major role in shaping the biases and stereotypes that people bring to bear in their judgments of others However research has shown that how people categorize themselves may be just as fundamental to understanding prejudice as how they categorize others findings highlight the remarkable ease with which humans form coalitions Recent research confirms that coalition-based preferences trump race-based preferences both Democrats and Republicans favor the resumes of those affiliated with their political party much more than they favor those who share their race coalition-based preferences remain powerful even in the absence of the animosity present in electoral politics research has shown that the simple act of placing people on a mixed-race team can diminish their automatic racial bias. White participants who were randomly placed on a mixed-race team—the Tigers or Lions—showed little evidence of implicit racial bias Merely belonging to a mixed-race team trigged positive automatic associations with all of the members of their own group, irrespective of race Being a part of one of these seemingly trivial mixed-race groups produced similar effects on brain activity—the amygdala responded to team membership rather than race these studies indicate that momentary changes in group membership can override the influence of race on the way we see, think about, and feel toward people who are different from ourselves Just as a particular person’s group membership can be flexible, so too are the relations between groups. Groups that have previously had cordial relations may become rivals (and vice versa) psychological and biological responses to out-group members can change all out-groups are treated the same: some elicit indifference whereas others become targets of antipathy. Stereotypically threatening groups are especially likely to be targeted with violence, but those stereotypes can be tempered with other information. If perceptions of intergroup relations can be changed, individuals may overcome hostility toward perceived foes and become more responsive to one another’s grievances. The flexible nature of both group membership and intergroup relations offers reason to be optimistic about the potential for greater cooperation among groups in conflict One strategy is to bring multiple groups together around a common goal creating a sense of cohesion between two competitive groups can increase empathy for the suffering of our rivals These strategies reduce aggression toward hostile out-groups, which is critical for creating more opportunities for constructive dialogue addressing greater social injustices.  Even in cases where it isn’t possible to create a common identity among groups in conflict, it may be possible to blur the boundaries between groups we have a responsibility to reduce prejudice and discrimination findings from psychology and neuroscience indicate that we, as individuals, possess this capacity Ultimately, only collective action and institutional evolution can address systemic racism The science is clear on one thing, though: individual bias and discrimination are changeable. Race-based prejudice and discrimination, in particular, are created and reinforced by many social factors, but they are not inevitable consequences of our biology
I observed the importance of perceptions in creating prestige during fieldwork at two international weapons shows The concept of prestige is not reducible to the economic cost of the weapons transfer. First, states often give weapons at free or significantly discounted rates to friends and allies Second, there is no agreed upon way to calculate cost. Further, some transfer agreements include contracts for maintenance and/or spare parts. This would increase the value of the transfer, but would not indicate anything about prestige.75 Prestige is a heuristic used by a variety of actors to make inferences about the future relationship between the sending and receiving states. higher prestige weapons signify a greater relationship to come; states woo one another with the prettiest, most attention-grabbing weapons. Weapons are certainly valuable for their military functions, but the symbol of prestigious weapons is a way of distinguishing allies from non-allies,77 can be an invitation to a closer relationship,78 and is an expression of the sender’s perception of the receiver Prestigious weapons are a visible signal of commitment and interest, and states are therefore more circumspect in transferring these weapons because every state that has a functioning military needs to pay attention to the “tail” in the tooth-to-tail ratio, the transfer of low prestige weapons is not nearly as noticeable and does not constitute a political relationship in the same way as high prestige weapons. individuals use heuristic principles to reduce the complex task of assessing probability and predicting outcomes, especially in situations of high uncertainty Weapons prestige functions as a representative and an availability heuristic: it is the cue by which states reduce complex inputs about the future States are composed of individuals, and we know that people reflect on their lifetime of experiences in making associations between particular actions as part of a larger class of actions.82 This process should be compounded in states because of both institutional and national memories the actors involved as the individual, bureaucratic, and state-level decision-making process are especially attentive to signaling and intentions, increasing the salience of this heuristic. Prestige, then, is a perceptually determined assessment of weapons, that draws on technology, firepower, and the status of states that use the weapon.
Congress Goes Bipartisan—Against Civil Liberties The parties collude to defeat accountability for the national-security state. restricting civil liberties commands bipartisan support in Washington Congress passed extensions of warrantless wiretapping and indefinite detention, Congress have bipartisan majorities in favor of profligate drone use at home and abroad At the very time it appears Washington is so dysfunctional that the two parties cannot get anything done, Democrats and Republicans cooperate regularly—when it it comes to jailing, spying on, and meting out extrajudicial punishments Reid argued that preserving surveillance was more important than Christmas. The Senate overwhelmingly rejected an amendment that would apply protections against unlawful search and seizure to emails and text messages Despite deep divisions over taxes and domestic spending, members of both parties tend to sing from the same song sheet about the Patriot Act, the N D A A and F I S A So much for the Democrats’ bedrock belief in the right to privacy or Republicans’ convictions about limited government.
Trump was asked about another call with Tsai. Trump replied that he had “a very good relationship with President Xi… and would want to speak to him first.” This indicated that relations with Taiwan would be constrained by Trump’s hope for Chinese cooperation on North Korea. Delaying arms sales to Taiwan is one issue that is undermining regional confidence in the United States. The delay is part of a pattern of actions or inactions by the Trump administration that has weakened U.S. credibility in Asia the notification to Congress of new arms sales is essential to putting these doubts to rest inaction feeds uncertainty new arms for Taiwan is necessary to put to rest doubts that are undermining the credibility of U.S. support for Taiwan’s security.
. By specifying and analysing the significance of the absence or silence, an alternative vision can be developed. Crucial to this absence is the failure to appreciate the pivotal significance of Western invasiveness, penetration and intervention. The coloniality and imperiality of power are rooted in the will and capacity to invade and penetrate – the imperial, as contrasted to the colonial, not necessarily requiring the possession of territory. coloniality and imperiality of power can be used to raise the issue of the imbrication of inside and outside in the sense of tracing the domestic and foreign implications of the colonial and imperial moments. In a similar vein, but in relation to the subjects or agents of knowledge, pointing to the absence of other voices of analysis based in the South constitutes a part of the same critical project of opening up a different kind of interpretive agenda. The exclusion or subordinating inclusion of the intellectual other can be seen as part of the overall politics of occidental privilege. Signaling such an absence and indicating its significance does not have to lead into implicitly underwriting an uncritical reading of the intellectual South. it is both to question those texts that make the intellectual South invisible and to open up and amplify the analytical terrain – making the absence critically present.
