Congress Goes Bipartisan—Against Civil Liberties The parties collude to defeat accountability for the national-security state. Civil liberties are theoretically a bipartisan concern. Conservative Republicans who don’t like Obamacare’s “death panels” should be outraged by presidential kill lists. Liberal Democrats who defend due process ought to be offended by secret surveillance law. Protectors of the First and Second Amendments should have a high regard for the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth. Yet restricting civil liberties is what actually commands bipartisan support in Washington. The same Congress that barely averted the fiscal cliff swiftly passed extensions of warrantless wiretapping and indefinite detention, assuring Americans that only the bad guys will be affected but evincing little interest in establishing whether this is really the case. The same Congress that failed to come up with an agreement to avoid sequestration appears to have bipartisan majorities in favor of profligate drone use at home and abroad. Lawmakers are generally less exercised about the confirmation of likely CIA chief John Brennan than Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel. At the very time it appears Washington is so dysfunctional that the two parties cannot get anything done, Democrats and Republicans cooperate regularly—when it it comes to jailing, spying on, and meting out extrajudicial punishments in ways that on their face contradict the Bill of Rights. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid argued that preserving the Bush administration’s national surveillance program—now for the benefit of the Obama administration—was more important than Christmas. Republican Sen. Saxby Chambliss didn’t even want any amendments. The Senate overwhelmingly rejected an amendment that would apply the same protections against unlawful search and seizure to emails and text messages that already exist for letters, phone calls, and presumably the carrier pigeon. Despite deep divisions over taxes and domestic spending, members of both parties tend to sing from the same song sheet about the Patriot Act, the National Defense Authorization Act, and the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act amendments. So much for the Democrats’ bedrock belief in the right to privacy or Republicans’ convictions about limited government.
(b) STATE ACTIVITIES.—Each State that receives an allotment under section 4103 shall use the funds available under subsection (a)(3) for activities and programs designed to meet the purposes of this subpart, which may include— (1) providing monitoring of, and training, technical assistance, and capacity building to, local educational agencies that receive an allotment under section 4105; (2) identifying and eliminating State barriers to the coordination and integration of programs, initiatives, and funding streams that meet the purposes of this subpart, so that local educational agencies can better coordinate with other agencies, schools, and community-based services and programs; or (3) supporting local educational agencies in providing programs and activities that— (A) offer well-rounded educational experiences to all students, as described in section 4107, including female students, minority students, English learners, children with disabilities, and low-income students who are often underrepresented in critical and enriching subjects, which may include— (i) increasing student access to and improving student engagement and achievement in— (I) high-quality courses in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including computer science; (II) activities and programs in music and the arts; (III) foreign languages; (IV) accelerated learning programs that provide— (aa) postsecondary level courses accepted for credit at institutions of higher education, including dual or concurrent enrollment programs, and early college high schools; or (bb) postsecondary level instruction and examinations that are accepted for credit at institutions of higher education, including Advanced Placement and International Baccalaureate programs; (V) American history, civics, economics, geography, social studies, or government education; (VI) environmental education; or (VII) other courses, activities, and programs or other experiences that contribute to a wellrounded education; or (ii) reimbursing low-income students to cover part or all of the costs of accelerated learning examination fees, as described in clause (i)(IV); (B) foster safe, healthy, supportive, and drug-free environments that support student academic achievement, as described in section 4108, which may include— (i) coordinating with any local educational agencies or consortia of such agencies implementing a youth PROMISE plan to reduce exclusionary discipline, as described in section 4108(5)(F); (ii) supporting local educational agencies to— (I) implement mental health awareness training programs that are evidence-based (to the extent the State determines that such evidence is reasonably available) to provide education to school personnel regarding resources available in the community for students with mental illnesses and other relevant resources relating to mental health or the safe de-escalation of crisis situations involving a student with a mental illness; or (II) expand access to or coordinate resources for school-based counseling and mental health programs, such as through school-based mental health services partnership programs; (iii) providing local educational agencies with resources that are evidence-based (to the extent the State determines that such evidence is reasonably available) addressing ways to integrate health and safety practices into school or athletic programs; and (iv) disseminating best practices and evaluating program outcomes relating to any local educational agency activities to promote student safety and violence prevention through effective communication as described in section 4108(5)(C)(iv); and (C) increase access to personalized, rigorous learning experiences supported by technology by— (i) providing technical assistance to local educational agencies to improve the ability of local educational agencies to— (I) identify and address technology readiness needs, including the types of technology infrastructure and access available to the students served by the local educational agency, including computer devices, access to school libraries, Internet connectivity, operating systems, software, related network infrastructure, and data security; (II) use technology, consistent with the principles of universal design for learning, to support the learning needs of all students, including children with disabilities and English learners; and (III) build capacity for principals, other school leaders, and local educational agency administrators to support teachers in using data and technology to improve instruction and personalize learning; (ii) supporting schools in rural and remote areas to expand access to high-quality digital learning opportunities; (iii) developing or using strategies that are innovative or evidence-based (to the extent the State determines that such evidence is reasonably available) for the delivery of specialized or rigorous academic courses and curricula through the use of technology, including digital learning technologies and assistive technology, which may include increased access to online dual or concurrent enrollment opportunities, career and technical courses, and programs leading to a recognized postsecondary credential (as defined in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102)); (iv) disseminating promising practices related to technology instruction, data security, and the acquisition and implementation of technology tools and applications, including through making such promising practices publicly available on the website of the State educational agency; (v) providing teachers, paraprofessionals, school librarians and media personnel, specialized instructional support personnel, and administrators with the knowledge and skills to use technology effectively, including effective integration of technology, to improve instruction and student achievement, which may include coordination with teacher, principal, and other school leader preparation programs; and (vi) making instructional content widely available through open educational resources, which may include providing tools and processes to support local educational agencies in making such resources widely available. (c) SPECIAL RULE.—A State that receives a grant under this subpart for fiscal year 2017 may use the amount made available to the State and not reserved under paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) for such fiscal year to cover part or all of the fees for accelerated learning examinations taken by low-income students during the 2016-2017 school year, in accordance with subsection (b)(3)(A)(ii).
This element can be seen in relation to both the themes and concepts of analysis and the agents of knowledge. For example, as part of an appraisal of Western theories of modernization and neo-liberalism, identifying the relative absence of a critical consideration of the history of Western societies and specifically the role therein of colonialism and Empire can form part of the development of critical knowledge. By specifying and analysing the significance of the absence or silence, an alternative vision can be developed. Crucial to this absence is the failure to appreciate the pivotal significance of Western invasiveness, penetration and intervention. The coloniality and imperiality of power are rooted in the will and capacity to invade and penetrate – the imperial, as contrasted to the colonial, not necessarily requiring the possession of territory. Also, the coloniality and imperiality of power can be used to raise the issue of the imbrication of inside and outside in the sense of tracing the domestic and foreign implications of the colonial and imperial moments. Clearly, Empire, for example, is not a phenomenon that only resides in the international domain; it also affects the domestic terrain, as will be seen in subsequent chapters. In a similar vein, but in relation to the subjects or agents of knowledge, pointing to the absence of other voices of analysis based in the South constitutes a part of the same critical project of opening up a different kind of interpretive agenda. The exclusion or subordinating inclusion of the intellectual other can be seen as part of the overall politics of occidental privilege. Signaling such an absence and indicating its significance does not have to lead into implicitly underwriting an uncritical reading of the intellectual South. Rather, it is both to question those texts that make the intellectual South invisible and to open up and amplify the analytical terrain – making the absence critically present. Absence, in the way I define it here, therefore, has a duality; it is thematic and conceptual, and also present in relation to the differential exclusion and inclusion of the agents of knowledge.
BOTH THE UNITED STATES AND CHINA HAVE MANY REASONS to embrace Chinese investment into U.S. real estate. In the wake of the Great Recession, Chinese investors provided much needed capital and helped revive stalled projects. Even as the U.S. economy and real estate market recovered in recent years, Chinese investment has helped propel megaprojects across the country that may not have otherwise proceeded, eliminating the accompanying job gains and tax receipts for municipal governments and contract revenue for private firms. Still, as with past waves of foreign real estate investment in the United States, there is increasing protectionist concern about Chinese investment, as well as more fundamental questions about impacts on real estate pricing and returns for U.S. investors. Furthermore, despite the large size of the U.S. real estate market and array of investment options available, other nations are also competing to attract Chinese investment. The investment by Chinese firms into the United States highlights the “Going Out” policy and underscores China’s economic leadership capabilities and potential. The evolution of investment into developed economies and the sophisticated financial structures needed for large-scale projects underscore China’s ability to provide capital and development expertise across the globe. This final chapter will first look at the opportunities and challenges that Chinese investment in U.S. real estate presents. Chinese investment bolsters liquidity in the U.S. commercial and residential real estate markets, supports significant U.S. job creation, allows for expansion of Chinese firms into attractive long-term markets, provides opportunities for diversification for Chinese investors, and strengthens bilateral cooperation through expanded business and individual relationships. Still, some challenges remain, particularly with localized asset price appreciation. We will then propose a series of steps that can be taken in both countries to facilitate investment, not only by policy makers but also by real estate industry professionals. OPPORTUNITIES AND CHALLENGES Real Estate Markets For commercial real estate markets in the United States, the presence of new sources of investor demand can create a healthier, more stable environment. Liquidity is key for stable real estate markets. Sustained Chinese investment will create additional liquidity, creating more opportunities for owners of real estate assets to buy and sell properties. Moreover, increased liquidity can attract greater investment from other investors in the market who may not have pursued an opportunity but see the expanded opportunities to eventually sell the asset – helping create a positive feedback loop. When markets function normally, investors can better analyze opportunities and formulate strategies to buy and sell assets. In addition to expanding the pool of buyers in the commercial real estate market, Chinese activity in the United States provides greater CHAPTER 6: IMPLICATIONS OF CHINESE INVESTMENT 98 | ASIA SOCIETY BREAKING GROUND: CHINESE INVESTMENT IN U.S. REAL ESTATE 6: IMPLICATIONS OF CHINESE INVESTMENT ASIA SOCIETY | 99 real estate debt availability. This has served not only to advance projects that were stalled but also to promote more competitive rates and terms from lenders. In the residential real estate market, U.S. homeowners similarly have greater opportunities to sell their home. Chinese buyers provide a much-needed source of buyer demand for home sales. Tight mortgage credit availability, the difficulty of saving for a down payment, and millennials’ proclivity to rent for longer – either by necessity or preference – have pushed the U.S. homeownership rate to the lowest level in 20 years. At the same time, first-time homebuyers accounted for just 30% of new home sales in February 2016, compared with a long-term average near 40%.79 Although a boost in Chinese demand will have some benefit for existing home sales, the Chinese preference for new homes can provide an even greater boost to U.S. homebuilders, as new home construction in the United States remains well below historical averages. Increased Chinese investment in the commercial and residential real estate markets also presents some potential pitfalls, chiefly around asset pricing and related impact on investment returns. Because of some unique investment drivers and the often long-term investment horizon for many Chinese investors, they are sometimes willing to pay a higher price for assets than are their U.S. counterparts with a shorter investment horizon or different investment strategy. Although this is a boon to sellers, it can lead to some price pressures as appraisers determine value in part by comparing nearby sales activity. These price effects are extremely localized, however, particularly in the residential market. High concentrations of Chinese residential purchases on one block or a specific neighborhood can drive some price appreciation, but these effects dissipate at the broader submarket or city level and have a zero or minimal effect on pricing at the county or metropolitan area level. In fact, Chinese purchases of homes have little effect, in aggregate, on pricing trends. In terms of sheer numbers, the volume of homes bought and sold by U.S. citizens vastly outnumbers that of any other group. Economy Increased investment and development of real estate are significant sources of job creation. The recent recession decimated the construction industry, which has yet to recover to the employment level prior to the recession. Construction jobs are often the most visible type. Although these jobs are sometimes dismissed for their temporary nature, the types of projects being funded and built by Chinese investors are major projects, often with multiyear construction time lines. The construction jobs are often unionized, well-paying jobs that require a substantial amount of skill and training. But construction jobs are only part of the picture. Development of hotel, office, and retail properties fosters new permanent jobs, while development of all types creates jobs in building management. With the EB-5 requirement of 10 jobs created for each investment, Chinese investment through the EB-5 program alone may have created at least 70,000 jobs in 2015, and more than 200,000 over the life of the program.80 Furthermore, as more Chinese firms enter the United States, more and more will establish local offices, not only for executives coming in from China, but also the hiring of U.S. workers. Entrepreneurial immigrant investors, provided entry to the United States via real estate investment programs such as EB-5, often go on to create new businesses in the United States that employ U.S. workers in a range of industries. The profits from selling real estate assets to Chinese buyers can also strengthen the U.S. economy, 100 | ASIA SOCIETY BREAKING GROUND: CHINESE INVESTMENT IN U.S. REAL ESTATE providing new capital for reinvestment. In addition to job creation, the market stability provided by increased investment sources provides a range of broader economic benefits. Greater market stability helps some lenders better manage default risk, including local and regional banks that have a significant share of mortgages and construction/development loans. These banks are key sources of credit for small businesses across the country. Helping stabilize real estate markets will mitigate some of the risk within lending portfolios, allowing banks to increase lending to small, local businesses. It also benefits pension funds and endowments. With both groups increasing investment in real property and needing greater returns for future obligations, a broader real estate investor pool could help boost annual returns. Pension funds need elevated investment returns for unfunded liabilities, which can prove difficult in the current low interest rate environment.
The city of Baltimore was rocked by protests and riots over the death of Freddie Gray, a 25-year-old African American man who died in police custody. Tragically, Gray’s death was only one of a recent in a series of racially-charged, often violent, incidents. On April 4th, Walter Scott was fatally shot by a police officer after fleeing from a routine traffic stop. On March 8th, Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity members were caught on camera gleefully chanting, “There Will Never Be A N***** In SAE.” On March 1st, a homeless Black man was shot in broad daylight by a Los Angeles police officer. And these are not isolated incidents, of course. Institutional and systemic racism reinforce discrimination in countless situations, including hiring, sentencing, housing, and even mortgage lending. It would be easy to see in all this powerful evidence that racism is a permanent fixture in America’s social fabric and even, perhaps, an inevitable aspect of human nature. Indeed, the mere act of labeling others according to their age, gender, or race is a reflexive habit of the human mind. Social categories, like race, impact our thinking quickly, often outside of our awareness. Extensive research has found that these implicit racial biases—negative thoughts and feelings about people from other races—are automatic, pervasive, and difficult to suppress. Neuroscientists have also explored racial prejudice by exposing people to images of faces while scanning their brains in fMRI machines. Early studies found that when people viewed faces of another race, the amount of activity in the amygdala—a small brain structure associated with experiencing emotions, including fear—was associated with individual differences on implicit measures of racial bias. This work has led many to conclude that racial biases might be part of a primitive—and possibly hard-wired—neural fear response to racial out-groups. There is little question that categories such as race, gender, and age play a major role in shaping the biases and stereotypes that people bring to bear in their judgments of others. However, research has shown that how people categorize themselves may be just as fundamental to understanding prejudice as how they categorize others. When people categorize themselves as part of a group, their self-concept shifts from the individual (“I”) to the collective level (“us”). People form groups rapidly and favor members of their own group even when groups are formed on arbitrary grounds, such as the simple flip of a coin. These findings highlight the remarkable ease with which humans form coalitions. Recent research confirms that coalition-based preferences trump race-based preferences. For example, both Democrats and Republicans favor the resumes of those affiliated with their political party much more than they favor those who share their race. These coalition-based preferences remain powerful even in the absence of the animosity present in electoral politics. Our research has shown that the simple act of placing people on a mixed-race team can diminish their automatic racial bias. In a series of experiments, White participants who were randomly placed on a mixed-race team—the Tigers or Lions—showed little evidence of implicit racial bias. Merely belonging to a mixed-race team trigged positive automatic associations with all of the members of their own group, irrespective of race. Being a part of one of these seemingly trivial mixed-race groups produced similar effects on brain activity—the amygdala responded to team membership rather than race. Taken together, these studies indicate that momentary changes in group membership can override the influence of race on the way we see, think about, and feel toward people who are different from ourselves. Although these coalition-based distinctions might be the most basic building block of bias, they say little about the other factors that cause group conflict. Why do some groups get ignored while others get attacked? Whenever we encounter a new person or group we are motivated to answer two questions as quickly as possible: “is this person a friend or foe?” and “are they capable of enacting their intentions toward me?” In other words, once we have determined that someone is a member of an out-group, we need to determine what kind? The nature of the relations between groups—are we cooperative, competitive, or neither?—and their relative status—do you have access to resources?—largely determine the course of intergroup interactions. Groups that are seen as competitive with one’s interests, and capable of enacting their nasty intentions, are much more likely to be targets of hostility than more benevolent (e.g., elderly) or powerless (e.g., homeless) groups. This is one reason why sports rivalries have such psychological potency. For instance, fans of the Boston Red Sox are more likely to feel pleasure, and exhibit reward-related neural responses, at the misfortunes of the archrival New York Yankees than other baseball teams (and vice versa)—especially in the midst of a tight playoff race. (How much fans take pleasure in the misfortunes of their rivals is also linked to how likely they would be to harm fans from the other team.) Just as a particular person’s group membership can be flexible, so too are the relations between groups. Groups that have previously had cordial relations may become rivals (and vice versa). Indeed, psychological and biological responses to out-group members can change, depending on whether or not that out-group is perceived as threatening. For example, people exhibit greater pleasure—they smile—in response to the misfortunes of stereotypically competitive groups (e.g., investment bankers); however, this malicious pleasure is reduced when you provide participants with counter-stereotypic information (e.g., “investment bankers are working with small companies to help them weather the economic downturn). Competition between “us” and “them” can even distort our judgments of distance, making threatening out-groups seem much closer than they really are. These distorted perceptions can serve to amplify intergroup discrimination: the more different and distant “they” are, the easier it is to disrespect and harm them. Thus, not all out-groups are treated the same: some elicit indifference whereas others become targets of antipathy. Stereotypically threatening groups are especially likely to be targeted with violence, but those stereotypes can be tempered with other information. If perceptions of intergroup relations can be changed, individuals may overcome hostility toward perceived foes and become more responsive to one another’s grievances. The flexible nature of both group membership and intergroup relations offers reason to be cautiously optimistic about the potential for greater cooperation among groups in conflict (be they black versus white or citizens versus police). One strategy is to bring multiple groups together around a common goal. For example, during the fiercely contested 2008 Democratic presidential primary process, Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama supporters gave more money to strangers who supported the same primary candidate (compared to the rival candidate). Two months later, after the Democratic National Convention, the supporters of both candidates coalesced around the party nominee—Barack Obama—and this bias disappeared. In fact, merely creating a sense of cohesion between two competitive groups can increase empathy for the suffering of our rivals. These sorts of strategies can help reduce aggression toward hostile out-groups, which is critical for creating more opportunities for constructive dialogue addressing greater social injustices. Of course, instilling a sense of common identity and cooperation is extremely difficult in entrenched intergroup conflicts, but when it happens, the benefits are obvious. Consider how the community leaders in New York City and Ferguson responded differently to protests against police brutality—in NYC political leaders expressed grief and concern over police brutality and moved quickly to make policy changes in policing, whereas the leaders and police in Ferguson responded with high-tech military vehicles and riot gear. In the first case, multiple groups came together with a common goal—to increase the safety of everyone in the community; in the latter case, the actions of the police likely reinforced the “us” and “them” distinctions. Tragically, these types of conflicts continue to roil the country. Understanding the psychology and neuroscience of social identity and intergroup relations cannot undo the effects of systemic racism and discriminatory practices; however, it can offer insights into the psychological processes responsible for escalating the tension between, for example, civilians and police officers. Even in cases where it isn’t possible to create a common identity among groups in conflict, it may be possible to blur the boundaries between groups. In one recent experiment, we sorted participants into groups—red versus blue team—competing for a cash prize. Half of the participants were randomly assigned to see a picture of a segregated social network of all the players, in which red dots clustered together, blue dots clustered together, and the two clusters were separated by white space. The other half of the participants saw an integrated social network in which the red and blue dots were mixed together in one large cluster. Participants who thought the two teams were interconnected with one another reported greater empathy for the out-group players compared to those who had seen the segregated network. Thus, reminding people that individuals could be connected to one another despite being from different groups may be another way to build trust and understanding among them. A mere month before Freddie Gray died in police custody, President Obama addressed the nation on the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday in Selma: “We do a disservice to the cause of justice by intimating that bias and discrimination are immutable, or that racial division is inherent to America. To deny…progress – our progress – would be to rob us of our own agency; our responsibility to do what we can to make America better." The president was saying that we, as a society, have a responsibility to reduce prejudice and discrimination. These recent findings from psychology and neuroscience indicate that we, as individuals, possess this capacity. Of course this capacity is not sufficient to usher in racial equality or peace. Even when the level of prejudice against particular out-groups decreases, it does not imply that the level of institutional discrimination against these or other groups will necessarily improve. Ultimately, only collective action and institutional evolution can address systemic racism. The science is clear on one thing, though: individual bias and discrimination are changeable. Race-based prejudice and discrimination, in particular, are created and reinforced by many social factors, but they are not inevitable consequences of our biology. Perhaps understanding how coalitional thinking impacts
