Congress Goes Bipartisan—Against Civil Liberties The parties collude to defeat accountability for the national-security state. restricting civil liberties commands bipartisan support in Washington Congress passed extensions of warrantless wiretapping and indefinite detention, Congress have bipartisan majorities in favor of profligate drone use at home and abroad At the very time it appears Washington is so dysfunctional that the two parties cannot get anything done, Democrats and Republicans cooperate regularly—when it it comes to jailing, spying on, and meting out extrajudicial punishments Reid argued that preserving surveillance was more important than Christmas. The Senate overwhelmingly rejected an amendment that would apply protections against unlawful search and seizure to emails and text messages Despite deep divisions over taxes and domestic spending, members of both parties tend to sing from the same song sheet about the Patriot Act, the N D A A and F I S A So much for the Democrats’ bedrock belief in the right to privacy or Republicans’ convictions about limited government.
Each State that receives an allotment under section 4103 shall use the funds for activities which may include (IV) accelerated learning programs that provide— (aa) postsecondary level courses accepted for credit at institutions of higher education including dual or concurrent enrollment programs postsecondary level instruction (ii) supporting local educational agencies to expand access to or coordinate resources for school-based counseling and mental health programs addressing ways to integrate health and safety practices into school or athletic programs (iii) developing or using strategies that are innovative or evidence-based which may include increased access to online career and technical courses programs leading to a recognized postsecondary credential as defined in the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act
. By specifying and analysing the significance of the absence or silence, an alternative vision can be developed. Crucial to this absence is the failure to appreciate the pivotal significance of Western invasiveness, penetration and intervention. The coloniality and imperiality of power are rooted in the will and capacity to invade and penetrate – the imperial, as contrasted to the colonial, not necessarily requiring the possession of territory. coloniality and imperiality of power can be used to raise the issue of the imbrication of inside and outside in the sense of tracing the domestic and foreign implications of the colonial and imperial moments. In a similar vein, but in relation to the subjects or agents of knowledge, pointing to the absence of other voices of analysis based in the South constitutes a part of the same critical project of opening up a different kind of interpretive agenda. The exclusion or subordinating inclusion of the intellectual other can be seen as part of the overall politics of occidental privilege. Signaling such an absence and indicating its significance does not have to lead into implicitly underwriting an uncritical reading of the intellectual South. it is both to question those texts that make the intellectual South invisible and to open up and amplify the analytical terrain – making the absence critically present.
In the wake of the Great Recession, Chinese investors provided much needed capital and helped revive stalled projects , Chinese investment has helped propel megaprojects across the country that may not have otherwise proceeded, eliminating the accompanying job gains and tax receipts Furthermore, despite the large size of the U.S. real estate market and array of investment options available, other nations are also competing to attract Chinese investment. Chinese investment bolsters liquidity in the U.S. commercial and residential real estate markets, supports significant U.S. job creation, allows for expansion of Chinese firms into attractive long-term markets, provides opportunities for diversification for Chinese investors and strengthens bilateral cooperation through expanded business and individual relationships. For commercial real estate markets in the United States, the presence of new sources of investor demand can create a healthier, more stable environment. Sustained Chinese investment will create additional liquidity, creating more opportunities for owners of real estate assets to buy and sell properties Moreover, increased liquidity can attract greater investment from other investors in the market who may not have pursued an opportunity but see the expanded opportunities to eventually sell the asset This has served not only to advance projects that were stalled but also to promote more competitive rates and terms from lenders Chinese buyers provide a much-needed source of buyer demand for home sales. Tight mortgage credit availability, the difficulty of saving for a down payment, and millennials’ proclivity to rent for longer – have pushed the U.S. homeownership rate to the lowest level in 20 years. Although a boost in Chinese demand will have some benefit for existing home sales, the Chinese preference for new homes can provide an even greater boost to U.S. homebuilders, Economy Increased investment and development of real estate are significant sources of job creation. The recent recession decimated the construction industry, which has yet to recover to the employment level prior to the recession. Construction jobs are often the most visible type the types of projects being funded and built by Chinese investors are major projects, . Development of hotel, office, and retail properties fosters new permanent jobs, Chinese investment through the EB-5 program alone may have created at least 70,000 jobs in 2015, Furthermore, as more Chinese firms enter the United States, more and more will establish local offices, not only for executives coming in from China, but also the hiring of U.S. workers. Entrepreneurial immigrant investors, provided entry to the United States via real estate investment programs such as EB-5, often go on to create new businesses in the United States that employ U.S. workers in a range of industries. The profits from selling real estate assets to Chinese buyers can also strengthen the U.S. economy, 100 In addition to job creation, the market stability provided by increased investment sources provides a range of broader economic benefits. Greater market stability helps some lenders better manage default risk, including local and regional banks that have a significant share of mortgages and construction/development loans These banks are key sources of credit for small businesses across the country. Helping stabilize real estate markets will mitigate some of the risk within lending portfolios, allowing banks to increase lending to small, local businesses
Institutional and systemic racism reinforce discrimination in countless situations, including hiring, sentencing, housing, and even mortgage lending It would be easy to see in all this powerful evidence that racism is a permanent fixture in America’s social fabric and an inevitable aspect of human nature Extensive research has found that these implicit racial biases—negative thoughts and feelings about people from other races—are automatic, pervasive, and difficult to suppress Early studies found that when people viewed faces of another race, the amount of activity in the amygdala—a small brain structure associated with experiencing emotions, including fear—was associated with individual differences on implicit measures of racial bias There is little question that race play a major role in shaping the biases and stereotypes that people bring to bear in their judgments of others However research has shown that how people categorize themselves may be just as fundamental to understanding prejudice as how they categorize others findings highlight the remarkable ease with which humans form coalitions Recent research confirms that coalition-based preferences trump race-based preferences both Democrats and Republicans favor the resumes of those affiliated with their political party much more than they favor those who share their race coalition-based preferences remain powerful even in the absence of the animosity present in electoral politics research has shown that the simple act of placing people on a mixed-race team can diminish their automatic racial bias. White participants who were randomly placed on a mixed-race team—the Tigers or Lions—showed little evidence of implicit racial bias Merely belonging to a mixed-race team trigged positive automatic associations with all of the members of their own group, irrespective of race Being a part of one of these seemingly trivial mixed-race groups produced similar effects on brain activity—the amygdala responded to team membership rather than race these studies indicate that momentary changes in group membership can override the influence of race on the way we see, think about, and feel toward people who are different from ourselves Just as a particular person’s group membership can be flexible, so too are the relations between groups. Groups that have previously had cordial relations may become rivals (and vice versa) psychological and biological responses to out-group members can change all out-groups are treated the same: some elicit indifference whereas others become targets of antipathy. Stereotypically threatening groups are especially likely to be targeted with violence, but those stereotypes can be tempered with other information. If perceptions of intergroup relations can be changed, individuals may overcome hostility toward perceived foes and become more responsive to one another’s grievances. The flexible nature of both group membership and intergroup relations offers reason to be optimistic about the potential for greater cooperation among groups in conflict One strategy is to bring multiple groups together around a common goal creating a sense of cohesion between two competitive groups can increase empathy for the suffering of our rivals These strategies reduce aggression toward hostile out-groups, which is critical for creating more opportunities for constructive dialogue addressing greater social injustices.  Even in cases where it isn’t possible to create a common identity among groups in conflict, it may be possible to blur the boundaries between groups we have a responsibility to reduce prejudice and discrimination findings from psychology and neuroscience indicate that we, as individuals, possess this capacity Ultimately, only collective action and institutional evolution can address systemic racism The science is clear on one thing, though: individual bias and discrimination are changeable. Race-based prejudice and discrimination, in particular, are created and reinforced by many social factors, but they are not inevitable consequences of our biology
