Should we promote film production to cater to the needs of the public?	* Movies that once would have been rated PG for violence are now rated R.
Should you block drug addicts?	In 1 Corinthians 6, the apostle Paul condemns sexual immorality.
Should we accept multiculturalism	In Baden-Württemberg, immigrants are asked what they would do if their son says he is a homosexual (the desired answer is that they would accept it[118]).
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	For the book by Nick Bostrom, see Superintelligence: Paths, Dangers, Strategies.
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	At the protest, Phil Radford of Greenpeace called for President Obama [to] ban all offshore oil drilling and call for an end to the use of oil in our cars by 2030 [ref].
Should commercial advertisements be allowed to be fictitious	More advanced mobile ads include banner ads, coupons, Multimedia Messaging Service picture and video messages, advergames and various engagement marketing campaigns.
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	In The World According to Monsanto, author Marie-Monique Robin describes how the substantial equivalence began with a 1992 policy statement by the FDA under the leadership of a former Monsanto lawyer, who, after working in the FDA, returned to Monsanto as vice president.
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	However, rural–urban migration generally improves the living standards of migrants and leads to the disintensification of land use in fragile ecosystems with low productivity, thus stimulating ecosystem recovery and improving watershed and biodiversity protection—as shown by experience in the Caribbean and South America.
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	One could certainly make the argument that such development could theoretically already be done at a lower price-point than the tar sands development in Canada is being done at.
Should you restrict reality TV	We’d see queer people casting aside conventional modes of gender.
