A recent long-term outcome study of youth found no long-term relationship between playing violent video game and youth violence or bullying [REF
denying the existence of a god leads to moral relativism, leaving one with no moral or ethical foundation,[REF] or renders life meaningless and miserable [REF]. Blaise Pascal argued this view in his Pens_es [REF
On November 29, 2010 in South Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 16-year-old boy Kendall Anderson bludgeoned his mother to death in her sleep with a claw hammer after she took away his PlayStation [REF
the Government of Cuba has granted asylum to a number of persons that the Federal Government of the United States considers domestic terrorists or criminals
most of all Korean universities at the top level are adapting some affirmative actions in cases of Chinese ethnic minority, North Korean refugees, etc. in their recruiting new students
Another event in February 2000 also put asylum seekers of the newspaper front pages. A group of nine Afghan nationals hijacked an aircraft and forced it to fly to Stansted Airport whereupon they eventually surrendered themselves. They and 79 of the passengers claimed asylum [REF]. The Afghan hijackers case was to become a political headache that highlighted the lack of powers the Home Office actually had
Americans have become less physically active overall between 1955 and 2005 [REF]. While the rate of leisure-time physical activity has not changed significantly there has been a decrease in work-related activity, human powered transportation, activity in the home, and increasing sedentary activity [REF]. During 2000 and 2005 the number of adults who were never physically active increased from 9.4% to 10.3% while the number who were engaged in the highest level of physical activity decreased from 18.7% to 16.7%. Pertaining to leisure-time physical activity, people involved in no activity increased from 38.5% to 40.0% while those who spent most of their day sitting increased from 36.8% to 39.9% [REF
Recent research has suggested that some violent video games may actually have a prosocial effect in some contexts, for example, team play [REF
According to Karl Marx, religion is a tool utilized by the ruling classes whereby the masses can shortly relieve their suffering via the act of experiencing religious emotions. It is in the interest of the ruling classes to instill in the masses the religious conviction that their current suffering will lead to eventual happiness
President Lyndon B. Johnson elaborated on the importance of affirmative action to achieving true freedom for African Americans: .   "Nothing is more freighted with meaning for our own destiny than the revolution of the Negro American..In far too many ways American Negroes have been another nation: deprived of freedom, crippled by hatred, the doors of opportunity closed to hope..But freedom is not enough. You do not wipe away the scars of centuries by saying: Now you are free to go where you want, and do as you desire, and choose the leaders you please. You do not take a person who, for years, has been hobbled by chains and liberate him, bring him up to the starting line of a race and then say, 'you are free to compete with all the others,' and still justly believe that you have been completely fair..This is the next and the more profound stage of the battle for civil rights. We seek not just freedom but opportunity. We seek not just legal equity but human ability, not just equality as a right and a theory but equality as a fact and equality as a result..To this end equal opportunity is essential, but not enough, not enough [REF
