We should fight gender inequality	Garcia began speaking to women's groups in the area, and the Inez Garcia Defense Committee raised money for the defense and publicized the case, hoping to put gender inequalities in the criminal justice system, rather than Garcia herself, on trial.
We should subsidize student loans	Nelnet holds over $25 billion in student loans as of 2007, roughly one-third of all federally subsidized student loans currently held by students in the United States [REF].
We should abolish the right to keep and bear arms	At issue was whether Washington, D.C.'s ban violated the right to "keep and bear arms" by preventing individuals-as opposed to state militias-from having guns in their homes.
We should adopt socialism	Sorelianism was more focused on support of socialism as a means for revolutionary transformation of society rather than a movement of the proletariat or a movement with a specific social structure [REF].
We should fight gender inequality	Allende critiques on the gender imbalance that was and still is present in most Latin American countries.
We should adopt vegetarianism	Evidence suggests that vegetarians have lower rates of coronary heart disease, obesity, hypertension, type 2 diabetes,[REF] osteoporosis,[REF] and dementia [REF].
We should prohibit corporal punishment	Principal Mr Shelton Perkins is a believer in using the strap, a form of corporal punishment, when other methods to instil discipline have failed [REF].
We should increase internet censorship	Australia's laws on Internet censorship are amongst the most restrictive in the western world.
We should abolish temporary employment	8. John Twiss (2009-present): John Twiss began working as a seasonal employee for the National Park Service at Yellowstone National Park in 1965.
We should adopt libertarianism	."[REF] Historian Jeff Riggenbach maintains that "Libertarians who are now in their teens and twenties could do far worse than to let their own attention be captured by Gary Chartier's Conscience of an Anarchist."[REF]
