While most examinations of Islamophobia suggest that it is only the most recent expression of American nativism -- made manifest after the 9/11 terror attacks -- the history of using the fear of Islam as a tactic actually extends much further back. The first attacks on Islam in the Western Hemisphere had little to do with religion and more to do with suppressing Africans during slavery. As early as the 1500s, European colonial powers began passing anti-Muslim legislation as a way to prevent the importation of African Muslims, who were often involved in slave rebellions in the New World. African Muslims led some of the earliest slave revolts in the Spanish colonies, played a role in the Haitian Revolution against France and led several major revolts against the Portuguese in Bahia, Brazil. From these early encounters, Islam came to signify a challenge to the authority of white slave owners and the state-sanctioned subjugation of African people.
Subquestion A: Massive war?¶ Preliminary answer: Highly plausible. A nano arms race appears almost inevitable, and would probably be unstable as discussed in the military capabilities study (#20).¶ A nano-enabled war would probably be lethal to many civilians. As pointed out by Tom McCarthy, "Military planners will seek a target that is large enough to find and hit, and that cannot be easily replaced. The natural choice, given the circumstances, will be civilian populations." Both full-scale war and unconventional/terroristic war will target civilians, who will be nearly impossible to defend without major lifestyle changes. It would be easy to deploy enough antipersonnel weapons to make the earth unsurvivable by unprotected humans.
With the United States currently positioning itself as the technologically exceptional global counterterrorism expert, American exceptionalism feeds off of other exceptionalisms, particularly that of Israel, its close ally in the Middle East. The exceptional national security issues of Israel, and the long term ‘‘existential’’ threat it faces because of its sense of being ‘‘entangled in a conflict of unparalleled dimensions,’’ for example, proceeds thus: ‘‘exceptional vulnerability’’ results in ‘‘exceptional security needs,’’ the risks of which are then alleviated and purportedly conquered by ‘‘exceptional counterterrorism technologies.’’∞π In this collusion of American and Israeli state interests, defined through a joint oppositional posture toward Muslims, narratives of victimhood ironically suture rather than deflate, contradict, or nullify claims to exceptionalism. In other words, the Israeli nation-state finds itself continuously embroiled in a cycle of perceived exceptional 8 introduction threats of violence that demand exceptional uses of force against the Palestinian population, which is currently mirrored by U.S. government o≈cials’ public declarations of possible terror risks that are used to compel U.S. citizens to support the war on terror. Reflecting upon contemporary debates about the United States as empire, Amy Kaplan notes, ‘‘The idea of empire has always paradoxically entailed a sense of spatial and temporal limits, a narrative of rising and falling, which U.S. exceptionalism has long kept at bay.’’ Later, she states, ‘‘The denial and disavowal of empire has long served as the ideological cornerstone of U.S. imperialism and a key component of American exceptionalism.’’∞∫ Thus, for Kaplan the distancing of exceptionalism from empire achieves somewhat contradictory twofold results: the superior United States is not subject to empire’s shortcomings, as the apparatus of empire is unstable and ultimately empires fall; and the United States creates the impression that empire is beyond the pale of its own morally upright behavior, such that all violences of the state are seen, in some moral, cultural, or political fashion as anything but the violence of empire. U.S. exceptionalism hangs on a narrative of transcendence, which places the United States above empire in these two respects, a project that is aided by what Domenico Losurdo names as ‘‘the fundamental tendency to transform the Judeo-Christian tradition into a sort of national religion that consecrates the exceptionalism of American people and the sacred mission with which they are entrusted (‘Manifest Destiny’).’’∞Ω Kaplan, claiming that current narratives of empire ‘‘take American exceptionalism to new heights,’’ argues that a concurrent ‘‘paradoxical claim to uniqueness and universality’’ are coterminous in that ‘‘they share a teleological narrative of inevitability’’ that posits America as the arbiter of appropriate ethics, human rights, and democratic behavior while exempting itself without hesitation from such universalizing mandates.≤≠
Every time a protest breaks out in China, the outside world sees it as a sign that the communist regime is weakening, with China moving one step closer to democracy. Yet Chinese opinion polls consistently show strong public support for the central government in Beijing, despite the protests that erupt around the country. In fact, the protests can help the Communist Party gain support, slowing the development of civil society and making democracy an increasingly distant hope. Public protests, or mass incidents, have risen rapidly in recent years. There were 180,000 mass incidents in 2010, compared to only 10,000 in 1994 and 74,000 in 2004, the New York Times reported. The scale of these incidents ranges from a few protesters or petitioners to as many as 100,000 - challenging the government is no longer the business of a few dissidents and public intellectuals. Recent high-profile incidents - such as the land dispute in Wukan, the mining plant dispute in Shifang, the waste water processing plant dispute in Qidong, and protests against a chef's death in Shishou and a young girl's drowning in Wengan - have been reported by Western media. These incidents have generated considerable excitement among Chinese dissidents and some Western media outlets, who tend to describe them as the harbinger of political change, a stepping stone towards democracy, or the beginning of the collapse of the authoritarian regime. If the "collapse" view is true, one should expect declining public support for the Chinese government. But public opinion surveys conducted by Chinese and Western scholars, including a recent survey by the Washington-based Pew Research Center, show a persistently high level of support for the Beijing government. Obviously, such strong support will not lead to the collapse of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) any time soon. Mob mentality Part of the reason is the CCP's successful use of mass incidents to promote and consolidate its own power. The protest in Wukan, where villagers drove out local officials in a widely-publicised stand-off over a land grab, was ultimately calmed when provincial officials intervened and removed the local officials. State media subsequently ran pieces censuring them and promising better ways of addressing such disputes. By shifting public anger to economic organisations, local governments and individual government officials, the central and provincial governments are bypassing normal judicial procedures and local bureaucratic institutions, and establishing direct dialogue with the public. In return, they gain people's trust and support. Such an approach, however, encourages the public to disobey the legal system and even nurtures the development of mob mentality as a way of expressing frustration. China is returning to a populist authoritarian society in which the leaders and the masses are directly linked without the "buffer zone" of a civil society, such as elections, the rule of law and autonomous social organisations like labour unions. In its frantic appeal to public opinion, government leaders frequently disrupt the legal system - for example, by compensating petitioners who refuse to accept court decisions. In the cases of the chef who fell to his death from a hotel building in Shishou and the 17-year-old girl who drowned in Wengan, both families and local residents refused to accept the medical examiners' reports because they did not find evidence of murder. As a result, families and local citizens organised large protests. The higher-level governments responded by appeasing the very public they feared, and so intervened by compensating the families, regardless of the medical examiners' findings. Such interference cooled public anger temporarily, but in the process demonstrated a complete disregard for the rule of law. Going backwards? Outside China, observers often view the internet as the hope for democracy, based on the assumption that it will effectively organise the public, break through news censorship and quickly disseminate information. Certainly the early stages of the Arab Spring seemed to reinforce that view. In China, however, the internet is often used as "human flesh search engine" to recklessly expose people's private information. It may be true that those exposed did unethical or unpopular things. But such vigilantism neglects the legal process and urges people to take justice into their own hands. It is Red Guards in action all over again, showing that in some situations the reflexes of the Cultural Revolution are still intact. Red Guard-like behaviour was also seen in the protest against the waste water processing plant in Qidong. The protesters stripped the mayor and the party secretary, and forced them to put on environmental protection T-shirts. Both officials were later fired by the higher-level government. In Jinan, a female police officer triggered another mass protest when she got into a row with some street vendors. Demonstrators dragged her out of a police car, poured water on her and made her kneel and apologise. As a result, she lost her job. These incidents seem a repeat of rallies during the Cultural Revolution when frenzied mobs criticised government officials and even beat them. In the Wukan and Shishou incidents as well as others, many protesters held banners calling for direct intervention by Beijing, while condemning local officials. The response from the top satisfies those at the bottom and in return, produces political loyalty and support for the CCP. But this process moves China further away from civil society and democracy. For those who mistakenly see these mass incidents as hopeful rays in a democratic pre-dawn, it may be time to consider that the dark side of Chinese mob mentality may ultimately block the sun.
THE HAGUE/MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia and the West drew a tentative line under the Ukraine crisis on Tuesday after U.S. President Barack Obama and his allies agreed to hold off on more damaging economic sanctions unless Moscow goes beyond the seizure of Crimea.¶ Describing Russia as a "regional power" and not the biggest national security threat to the United States, Obama said Russian forces would not be removed militarily from Crimea, but the annexation of the Black Sea region was not a "done deal" because the international community would not recognise it.¶ "It is up to Russia to act responsibly and show itself once again to be willing to abide by international norms and ... if it fails to do so, there will be some costs," he told a news conference at the end of a nuclear security summit in The Hague.¶ After scoffing at a decision by Obama and his Western allies to boycott a planned Group of Eight summit in Sochi in June and hold a G7 summit without Russia instead, the Kremlin said it was keen to maintain contact with G8 partners.¶ "The Russian side continues to be ready to have such contacts at all levels, including the top level. We are interested in such contacts," President Vladimir Putin's spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, told Interfax news agency.¶ Obama said he was concerned at the possibility of further Russian "encroachment" into Ukraine and believed Putin was still "making a series of calculations". He insisted Russian speakers faced no threat in the country, contrary to Moscow's assertions.¶ He urged Putin to let Ukrainians choose their own destiny free from intimidation, saying he was sure they would opt for good relations with both the European Union and Moscow rather than making a zero-sum choice for one against the other.¶ "Russia is a regional power that is threatening some of its immediate neighbours, not out of strength but out of weakness," Obama said. "We (the United States) have considerable influence on our neighbours. We generally don't need to invade them in order to have a strong cooperative relationship with them."¶ Asked what was to stop a further Russian "land grab", the U.S. president drew a distinction between an attack on members of NATO, covered by its Article V mutual defence clause, and on non-members where the West could apply international pressure, shine a spotlight on those states and provide economic support.¶ A senior administration official told reporters travelling with Obama on Air Force One to Brussels that "there's no question that NATO is prepared to defend any ally against any aggression."¶ The official said that in Obama's talks on Wednesday with NATO's secretary general, "we'll be discussing very specifically what more can be done in terms of signalling concrete reassurance to our Eastern European allies."¶ Previewing Obama's speech in Brussels on Wednesday, the official said the president "will speak about the importance of European security and not just the danger to the people of Ukraine, but the danger to the international system that Europe and the United States have invested so much in that is a consequence of Russia's actions."¶ The rouble firmed and Russian assets climbed on Tuesday after Obama and fellow G7 leaders held back from new sanctions and investors took the view that the crisis had been contained for now.¶ Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte said the United States and European Union allies were aligned in their response, contrary to media reports that Washington was pushing reluctant Europeans fearful for their economic interests to get tougher.¶ CONCILIATORY GESTURES¶ Moscow made two conciliatory gestures on Monday after its deputy economy minister said up to $70 billion in capital may have fled his country in the first quarter of the year.¶ Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov met his Ukrainian counterpart, Andriy Deshchytsia, for the first time, even though Russia does not recognise the Kiev government.¶ Moscow also allowed monitors from the pan-European security watchdog OSCE to begin work in Ukraine after prolonged wrangling over their mandate, which Russia says excludes Crimea.¶ The Ukrainian Foreign Ministry said Deshchytsia protested at the annexation of Crimea. Lavrov said Russia did not intend to use force in eastern and southern regions of Ukraine, and "the two sides agreed not to fuel further escalation in the Crimea problem that could cause casualties", it said.¶ Ukraine ordered its remaining forces in Crimea to withdraw for their own safety on Monday after Russian forces fired warning shots and used stun grenades when they stormed a marine base and a landing ship. There were no casualties.¶ That order came too late to save the job of interim Defence Minister Ihor Tenyukh, sacked by parliament on Tuesday over his handling of the crisis, after it emerged that fewer than a quarter of soldiers in Crimea plan to stay in the military.¶ Lawmakers elected Mykhailo Koval, head of the Ukrainian border guard, to replace Tenyukh.¶ In the Perevalnoye base, 25 km (15 miles) southeast of the capital, Simferopol, sombre-looking Ukrainian troops loaded a freight truck with furniture, clothes and kitchen appliances.¶ "We are not fleeing, but leaving to the mainland where we will continue to serve," said a soldier who identified himself only as Svyatoslav. "One cannot be a soldier without a country and we have to relocate," he said.¶ But in the Belbek air base stormed four days ago, officers and soldiers refused to leave until the Russian military releases their commander, Colonel Yuliy Mamchur, who became a symbol of Ukrainian resistance in Crimea.¶ According to his aides, Mamchur is being held in the Russian Black Sea Fleet's home port of Sevastopol.¶ IMF DEAL SOUGHT¶ Ukrainian Finance Minister Oleksander Shlapak said he was negotiating with the International Monetary Fund for a loan package of $15 billion to $20 billion because the economy had been severely weakened by months of political turmoil and mismanagement. He forecast a 3 percent contraction in the economy this year.¶ Obama also urged the IMF to reach agreement swiftly on a financial support package for Kiev, which would unlock additional aid from the European Union and Washington.¶ Increasing the chances a Ukraine aid bill will get through the U.S. Congress, Senate Democrats agreed on Tuesday to drop language in their measure containing reforms to the IMF. There had been stiff opposition to the IMF measures in the Republican-led House of Representatives.¶ The legislation backs a $1 billion loan guarantee for the government in Kiev, provides $150 million in aid for Ukraine and neighbouring countries and requires sanctions on Russians and Ukrainians responsible for corruption, human rights abuses or undermining stability in Ukraine.¶ The measure is now expected to pass through Congress relatively quickly and be sent to Obama to sign into law, as long as another dispute over whether to include increased natural gas exports in the bill does not hold it up again.¶ Both the West and Russia sought to woo other key nations present in The Hague.¶ Obama, who discussed the Ukraine crisis with Chinese President Xi Jinping on Monday, met President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan, which is part of a customs union with Russia but is also seeking to join the World Trade Organisation.¶ Nazarbayev, a ruling politburo member before the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991, expressed understanding for Russia's position in a telephone call with Putin on March 10.¶ Lavrov sought support from foreign ministers of the BRICS grouping of emerging economic powers - Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa.¶ In a joint statement that did not mention Ukraine or take a position on the annexation of Crimea, they said: "The escalation of hostile language, sanctions and counter-sanctions, and force does not contribute to a sustainable and peaceful solution ..."¶ European diplomats said tentative signs that Putin may have decided to go no farther than Crimea in his campaign to protect ethnic Russians in former Soviet republics may reflect concern about the mounting economic consequences.¶ The crisis is also taking a toll in Western Europe. German business morale dropped for the first time in five months in March as firms in Europe's largest economy began to worry that a standoff with Russia and further sanctions over Ukraine would hurt them in a key market, the Munich-based Ifo institute said.
While numerous forms of federalism exist, no two forms are identical. The characteristic common to all federalist systems is some form of power-sharing agreement or understanding between at least two distinct government bodies within a state. This distribution of powers differs from the unitary power structure characteristic of ethnically homogenous, Western European, nations-states governed from a single power center. Over time and with increased demands to recognize distinct ethnic groups, federalism has emerged as a popular solution to manage and solve ethnic differences and conflicts. Power-sharing agreements between national and sub-national governments ideally will improve representation and political efficacy among numerous and diverse groups of citizens.
Cuba’s economy has not only survived the end of Soviet-era subsidies but has ¶ thrived in the era of globalization. This thesis documents the adjustments the Cuban ¶ government has made to the economy and the increase in foreign direct investment (FDI) ¶ that has occurred as a result. The thesis also shows how China, Venezuela and Iran ¶ continue to invest more money in the island and subsequently threaten to wield more ¶ influence over Cuba. The U.S. has the opportunity to mitigate the threats posed by ¶ Venezuela and Iran vis-à-vis Cuba. However, the policy espoused by current policy ¶ makers is logically flawed. The Helms-Burton Act contains unrealistic benchmarks for ¶ ending the embargo that provide little incentive for Cuban leaders to liberalize. Neither ¶ presidential candidate advocates a change in this legislation. In contrast, this thesis ¶ argues that the normalization of relations with Cuba can diminish the influence Iran and ¶ Venezuela have on Cuba and keep potential threats from coming ninety miles off the ¶ coast of the U.S. The next president should call for Congress to repeal the Helms-Burton ¶ Act so that executive discretion can be exercised with respect to Cuban foreign policy.
The third backlash to Taiwanese nuclear development could come from its many foreign investors. The US especially would likely halt all defensive weapon sales to the island as well as sever many economic ties. Economic sanctions against the ROC from the broader international community could be devastating. As the seventh largest US trading partner, Taiwan’s economy would suffer dramatically without American support. The international fallout of such a move could also be damaging. Comparisons to nations like Iraq and North Korea and even terrorist groups like Hamas and Hezbollah would be abundant. With a downtrodden reputation, Taiwan would suffer ostracism on all fronts political, economic and social.
Yet, the relationship with China does not have only upsides, but also downsides, including economic threats from Chinese capitalists as well as China’s assertiveness, especially with regard to the South China Sea. Thailand’s high expectation of China’s generosity could be disappointed. Thailand cannot rely too heavily on China, but has to resort to the familiar strategy of hedging and diversifying ties with major powers. Meanwhile, there are quite a few upsides in the US–Thailand alliance. Military-to-military interactions with the United States remain intact, thanks to a half-century of institutionalized relationships and interoperability. Thailand also has converging interests with the United States on regional stability and non-traditional security. HADR emerged as a promising field for cooperation between the two nations.
Even if CEQ explicitly clarified in the next iteration of the guidance that as a matter of law, appropriate consideration of climate change effects is required for the whole panoply of covered federal actions, the omission of discussion of federal land and resource management actions in this guidance would be doing a tremendous disservice to the agencies and to the public. Indeed, it would truly be the exception that swallows the guidance. Over the past three years, based on the statistics available through www.nepa.gov,  proposed federal land and resource management actions account for the overwhelming majority of Environmental Impact Statements (EISs). From May 18, 2007 through May 7, 2010, 1,504 EISs (draft, final and supplemental) were filed with the Office of Federal Activities at the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). Of those, the majority were focused on federal land and resource management actions. 2 Many of those agencies are clearly looking to CEQ for guidance. For example, recent policy guidance from the Bureau of Land Management Oregon/Washington State Office states that, “[a]ddressing effects on atmospheric greenhouse gas levels within the scope of NEPA is difficult due to the lack of explicit regulatory guidance on how to meaningfully apply existing NEPA regulations to this evolving issue . . . ” 3 Pursuant to NEPA and the Environmental Quality Improvement Act, CEQ’s role is to provide this guidance. It is needed and, in many cases, wanted now.
