Emptiness is a core value in Buddhism. E.g. Nagarjuna the main Buddhist philosopher says that phenomena don't have an essence, everything we thought about the world and about us isn't based in a stable and immutable reality every compound is impermanent. So Mahayana Buddhism does not seek to be definitive, nor does it aspire to permanence, these features undermine the claim that it is a religion.
With today's current climate sexism is a hot topic in the work place, if men and women are not paid equally for doing the same job it is considered to be sexist.
It is unreasonable for us to expect to understand God's purposes as we have tiny, finite minds compared to the infinite mind of God,therefore it is unreasonable to precondition our belief in God upon our first understanding God's purposes.
I believe nature can adapt and survive climate change. Climate change has been doing good things in certain parts of the world Nature can clean and handle a lot of issues people are worried about I'm speaking in the broad sense. I do have a problem with pollution in the case of contaminating people's drinking water like is done with fracking. What I'm not worried about is CO2 pollution caused by cows, cars and generating power. I think nature can easily adapt. In order to change my view, you'd have to demonstrate nature completely failing at adapting to man caused problems.
In confined animal feeding operations CAFOs pigs have their tails cut off, chickens have their toenails and beaks clipped off, and cows have their horns removed and tails cut off with no painkillers.
Men do not need parental leave as they do not need to physically recove from a birth like women do.
Amartya Sen argues that liberals interpret equality in terms of equality of well-being, resources, or capability, whilst conservatives interpret it in terms of equality of liberty.
EDIT as per u RustyRook 's suggestion, the bull horn could be substituted with a loud buzzer to prevent candidates from simply talking over the cut mic. To better explain my motivation, my main issue is that candidates will not answer questions that will not do well EG. a previous vote that doesn't poll well . When a moderator attempts to correct this problem, the candidate either continues with a filibuster or simply talks over the moderator. I am listening to the CNN Town Hall and Ted Cruz is currently on and it is amazing how much he can filibuster a question into oblivion. He managed to turn What is your greatest weakness into Obama is a communist married to Fidel Castro who supports ISIS. All the candidates do this and it's the best tacit for them on questions that don't poll well. I propose that all debates have a strict no filibuster rule. At the moderator's discretion, a politician's mic can and will be cut if they begin to stop answering the question or take too long. If the politician does not stop talking, an air horn will be blasted from their podium. If they attempt to answer a yes or no question that isn't blatantly a leading question EG. Is your mother aware that you kill and rape puppies will get their mic cut AND the air horn blast. Questions about things they don't want to answer are totally fair game. I am aware that there is an issue with moderator discretion, but honestly any use of this tacit will better our political climate. I also think we don't need to worry about politician rights groups as they don't exist. I think that politicians have been conditioned to not answer questions they don't like. They mostly act like spoiled children who have never been told no and think affluenza is a valid defense. This tool will allow moderators and the American Pubic to Pavlovian ly condition our political representatives to not spout bullshit in an attempt to filibuster questions and get more screen time. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes like permanent hearing loss .
There has been an exponential increase in the number of Britons participating in some form of sport since the hosting of the Olympics.
I have seen it time and time again. Monsanto is evil, GE crops GMOs get a bad name because of Monsanto, GE crops are bad because they are made by Monsanto, Monsanto persecutes innocent farmers with lawsuits to drive them out of business, etcetera, etcetera. If you've paid attention to any aspect of the GE arguments, you'll see these arguments rolled out pretty much en masse. But my independent research says otherwise. 1 There seems to be scientific consensus on the health effects of GE crops, regardless of Monsanto. You can generally find people saying that there is not, but I can cite a lot of scientific studies and major scientific bodies that say otherwise. 2 A few cases of Monsanto suing a farmer for patent infringement have been turned into this narrative that Monsanto sues anyone for any amount of contamination in their field. Percy Schmeiser is often indirectly cited, though his case, as ruled by the Canadian Supreme Court, is 100 his fault because he intentionally selected the accidentally contaminated crops which resisted glyphosate by spraying glyphosate and replanting those that survived, ending up with a 97 pure GE canola field which he did not have license for, violating Monsanto's patent on that GE canola. Other cases are sometimes cited, like the one farmer which attempted to circumvent patents by buying GE wheat from a grain tower and planting it, but they all have similar faults in that they ignore what actually happened in order to demonize Monsanto. 3 Monsanto is not controlling the research on GE. It just does not make any sense that the same people who claim that massive oil companies like Enron could not stymie anthropogenic global warming are the same people who claim that the comparatively much smaller Monsanto could control the results of thousands of studies except for a small handful. Sure, they may have some influence here and there, and their blocking of fully independent research until 2010 is horrendous but that does not invalidate the results of thousands of studies. 4 The fact that Monsanto has produced a variety of chemicals in the past does not matter. I've seen it over and over again, where some person brings up Monsanto's production of Agent Orange without looking at the context of the situation at government request, during the Vietnam war, with little research done into dioxin contamination, etc and thinks that they have made this stunning zinger of an argument. I've even seen someone produce a small gish gallopy list of chemicals Monsanto has produced, and seen the list debunked as the original poster was ignoring the individual details and contexts of those chemicals I did the debunking . 5 Monsanto seemingly only has 17 of the bio tech market, if I remember correctly. This is often portrayed as some attempt at monopolization by anti GE activists, but I just do not see it. In fact, I believe that stopping the inane over regulation of GE crops would decrease the chances of any single monopoly on GE crops being made. There are probably other things I may have added to this post if I could remember them, but do not take this as some form of corporate shilling for or white washing of Monsanto. I know that, as a company, their bottom line is going to be profits, and that there are some legitimate criticisms I would make of them such as close connections with a U.S. Supreme Court Justice one which, may I say, I particularly despise , and, the Senior Advisor to the Commissioner of the US Food and Drug Administration for the Obama administration, Michael R. Taylor . But I do not believe that Monsanto is of much more concern than any other company. I do not find good enough reason to conclude as many others do that Monsanto is an evil organization whose goal is world domination and the enslavement of farmers which is an obvious exaggeration hopefully . Change my view? Please include documented sources, if possible. I hate NaturalNews and other quack sources. gt Hello, users of  This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to read through our rules If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, downvotes don't change views If you are thinking about submitting a  yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to message us Happy ing
