<|TOPIC|>NA<|ARGUMENT|>Higher Education is key to climbing the socioeconomic ladder, and is so important in American Society today that one’s alma mater can determine his her life trajectory. With such great rewards coming from admittance to selective institutions, most prestigious universities implement Race Based Affirmative action in order to help close the socioeconomic gaps which exist in the American status quo by providing historically disadvantaged minorities with favor in the admissions process. This allows these selective universities to holistically assess a student’s merit in relation to the amount of opportunity they had in their particular upbringing, and to increase their school’s diversity. Although Race based affirmative action has noble purposes, it overgeneralizes when connecting distinct racial groups with certain social classes, barring many underprivileged populations from prestigious universities. Class Based Affirmative action, a policy which grants financially underprivileged individuals favor in the admissions process, serves the same purpose as Race based affirmative action, helping underprivileged students find opportunity at selective universities, but creates no victims in the process. Selective American Universities should make a shift from race based affirmative action to class based affirmative action in the admissions process. Race based Affirmative action destroys the idea of meritocracy and wrongly treats race as an accurate proxy for class, placing disadvantaged children of typically advantaged racial groups at an extremely unfair disadvantage. Selective Universities often implement Race based Affirmative Action and Racial quotas in order to admit higher proportions of disadvantaged minorities. Although these current race based affirmative action policies are doing a good job at helping disadvantaged blacks and Latinos with college admissions, they are detrimental to many groups which they assume to be advantaged, such as Asian Americans. A study conducted by RTI International quantifies this detriment, finding that Asian identified students had to score 140 points higher on their SATs to gain admission to prestigious colleges compared to white students, a disparity which becomes even more evident when comparing them to other minorities. Although I agree that students coming from wealthier backgrounds of greater opportunity should have to perform higher than students who were less well off, the proxy of race cannot be accurately used to determine one’s class. Imagine you were the child of refugees or illegal immigrants from war torn Cambodia or Laos, growing up in poverty. Now imagine being denied admissions to a selective university, your only opportunity to pull yourself out of poverty, because of the assumption that because you were of a certain racial group, you grew up with many advantages. This experience is common among many Southeast Asians in admissions to selective universities, because the view of Asian Americans as a “privileged minority” ignores the internal class differences that exist among sub groups under the Asian American umbrella. Southeast Asians drop out of high school at alarming rates The Huffington Post quantifies Nearly 40 percent of Hmong Americans, 38 percent of Laotian Americans and 35 percent of Cambodian Americans fail to finish high school. These sub groups similarly face alarming percentages of poverty well above the national average, with Hmong Americans displaying a 37.8 percent poverty rate. These disadvantaged groups, because of their identities as Asians, are also measured at the same high standards that other, more privileged Asians are measured by. This unfairly bars many Southeast Asian groups from access to prestigious higher education, because the Affirmative Action system which is supposed to help people like them are actually harming them. Clearly, race based affirmative action policies overlook and overgeneralize when looking at race as a proxy for class, placing many disadvantaged subgroups at an extreme detriment despite their low class, destroying the American meritocracy which gives equal opportunity to higher education. The simple solution to these problems lies in Class Based Affirmative Action. Class Based Affirmative Action will address all socioeconomic disparities that Race Based Affirmative Action was created to counter with more accuracy and magnitude, and will do so without placing many disadvantaged subgroups at an extreme detriment. Also, it supports the meritocracy by juxtaposing a student’s achievement with an accurate measure of the amount of opportunity they were exposed to in their upbringing. As I mentioned before, Race Based Affirmative action was created to close the socioeconomic gaps which exist in the American status quo by providing historically disadvantaged minorities with more opportunities for higher education. In Race Based affirmative action, Race is used as a proxy for the social class of an individual, which is no longer accurate in the 21st century. This overgeneralization of connecting racial groups to distinct social classes creates many victims, in particular with many Southeast Asians. Evidently, it is much more logical to take one step out of the process of identifying socioeconomic disadvantage by simply implementing class based affirmative action policies in place of race based affirmative action. Class Based Affirmative action in admissions to higher education serves the same purpose as Race Based Affirmative Action with more accuracy and doesn’t use race as a proxy for socioeconomic status, creating no victims in the process. Clearly, a transition from Race Based to Class Based affirmative action in admissions to selective universities is the best way to create a truly egalitarian meritocracy in which everyone has an equal opportunity to achieve the American Dream.<|ASPECTS|>life trajectory, opportunity, , college admissions, racial group, advantages, socioeconomic disadvantage, merit, student, prestigious, victims, privileged minority, disadvantaged subgroups, accuracy, dream, harming, identities, perform higher, overgeneralize, poverty rate, class based affirmative action, financially, drop out of high school, wealthier, school, unfair disadvantage, race, prestigious higher education, refugees, class, student ’, noble, access, illegal immigrants, socioeconomic ladder, groups, disadvantaged blacks, accuracy and magnitude, socioeconomic gaps, disadvantaged groups, socioeconomic status, class differences, opportunities, disadvantaged minorities, high school, detrimental, underprivileged populations, race based affirmative action, egalitarian meritocracy, quotas, overgeneralization, amount, action, historically disadvantaged minorities, distinct social classes, social class, internal, students, equal opportunity, higher education, high standards, fail, disparity, overgeneralizes, detriment, diversity, poverty, socioeconomic disparities, underprivileged students, achievement, underprivileged individuals, meritocracy<|CONCLUSION|>
<|TOPIC|>US 2020 Presidential Election: Who should the Democratic nominee be?<|ARGUMENT|>Polling in July 2019 suggests that the American people would far prefer to elect Joe Biden as president average of 49.4% rather than reelect Trump 40.5%.<|ASPECTS|>american, reelect<|CONCLUSION|>
<|TOPIC|>NA<|ARGUMENT|>1, I believe Universal Basic Unconditional income will simply bankrupt any large government that tries to implement it and 2, It promotes laziness. Larger governments like the United States and Canada simply can't afford such massive handout plans. The United States for example, is already in debt and a policy like this would just bury us further and reduce our credit rating. It promotes laziness. A basic unconditional income that provides for all of the basic needs of a person, will simply create vegetables out of a lot of members of society. Keeping a human being content and in no need to go outside of their hole , will cause us all to be a bunch of lazy slugs. We would simply lose out on the fronts of innovation, invention, design, math, science etc. It would plunge us back into the stone age. I'm curious to see if anyone has any good points as to why this would be a beneficial system, as I've yet to see any good argument.<|ASPECTS|>bankrupt, unconditional income, points, vegetables, bury, content, handout plans, credit rating, debt, stone age, create, laziness, invention, innovation, beneficial system, lose, afford, reduce, basic, massive, basic needs, lazy slugs<|CONCLUSION|>
<|TOPIC|>Students Keep "No Platforming" Contentious Speakers. Should They Stop?<|ARGUMENT|>To deny others an opportunity to speak is a fundamental tactic of Authoritarianism And without intellectual diversity, we become a Fascist state: "Fascist states pursued policies of social indoctrination through propaganda in education and the media and regulation of the production of educational and media materials." -- Wikipedia en.wikipedia.org<|ASPECTS|>intellectual diversity, social<|CONCLUSION|>
<|TOPIC|>Should we adopt a universal language?<|ARGUMENT|>A very high number of low-income Indians can not understand government documents and tax returns in India where English is the official language in addition to various native languages.<|ASPECTS|>low-income indians, understand, tax returns, government documents<|CONCLUSION|>
