Capital punishment brings more harm than good	Without serving a purpose Camus argued that capital punishment is reduced to an act of revenge that only breeds further violence, fueled only by sadism and perpetuated by tradition.
Wildlife management brings more good than harm	One of the benefits to sportsman who violate wildlife laws is if they are from a member state game warden can write them a simple citation instead of taking them to jail and having them post a cash bond.
We should further exploit wind power	In contrast, because wind power has been harnessed for over 100 years, its underlying technology is relatively stable.
Atheism is the only way	In it, Anselm reasoned that even atheists can imagine a greatest being, having such attributes that nothing greater could exist ().
We should abolish the monarchy	It is understood why monarchy was such a large concern considering the freedoms gained from being set apart from it.
Capital punishment brings more harm than good	Camus also argued that capital punishment was inappropriate because by effecting revenge for grievances it simultaneously hurts the family and loved ones of the convict in the same manner as those being avenged were hurt by the initial crime.
Embryonic stem cell research brings more good than harm	However, she concludes that because human embryonic stem cells "are not a human embryo within the statutory definition," the Dickey-Wicker Amendment does not apply to them.
eBay brings more good than harm	The court said that eBay had not permitted BE's activity simply by having a website available over the Internet [REF].
We should legalize polygamy	The Democrats believed that American attitudes toward polygamy had the potential of derailing the compromise on slavery.
We should further exploit wind power	A November 2006 analysis, found that "wind power may be able to cover more than 50% of the Danish electricity consumption in 2025" under conditions of high oil prices and higher costs for CO2 allowances [REF].
