As the advanced educational resources (number and quality of universities) are distributed unevenly across China, it is argued that people are being discriminated against during the admission process based on their geographic region.	In contrast, acceptance rates remain relatively equal among provinces of the average developmental level.
However, close analysis shows that many human features such as complex sign usage, tool use, and self-consciousness can be found in some animals [ref].	His notebooks also record his anger with the fact that humans used their dominance to raise animals for slaughter [ref].
Equity is a quintessentially progressive and thus classically American goal.	Their position is that if you look at any unit, tasks are rarely undertaken by individuals alone.
Reduces Cost of Divorce in Case it Happens	This contract clause exempts the property, money or other items from new marital assets that would otherwise be divvied up in a subsequent divorce.
Detractors of the gaokao believe the test not only encourages rote educational practices, but places an unhealthy amount of pressure on young students.	As the Xinhua article pointed out, “super high schools” like Hengshui exist only because the gaokao does.
A few parts of these lush lands can also be used to make great infrastructures that will help economies boom, hence assisting all the people living in them economically as well.	Animal grazing is one good way to make deforestation highly useful.
In 2009, a survey of leading criminologists found that 88% of them did not think capital punishment was an effective deterrent to crime [ref].	However, supporters and opponents of the various statistical studies, on both sides of the issue, argue that correlation does not imply causation.
Teens who had communal gaming experiences reported much higher levels of civic and political engagement than teens who had not had these kinds of experiences.	Among teens who play games, 63% reported seeing or hearing people being mean and overly aggressive while playing, 49% reported seeing or hearing people being hateful, racist or sexist while playing, and 78% reported witnessing people being generous or helpful while playing [ref].
Digital media has also allowed individuals to be much more active in content creation [ref].	At the same time, it has affected the analog special effects, stunt, and animation industries in Hollywood [ref].
Public perceptions generally improve after wind projects become operational.	Surveys conducted with communities that host wind energy developments in the United Kingdom, Scotland, France, the United States, and Finland have demonstrated that wind farms which are properly planned and sited can engender project support.
