<|TOPIC|>NA<|ARGUMENT|>I say this because there are many things that the fork is simply incapable of doing, but the noble spoon can do it all. The fork fails in the consumption of many things, as it can only be used in the department of solid foods, but the all powerful spoon can do solids OR liquids. The only thing the spoon cannot do is a few techniques such as twirling spaghetti. I love eating yogurt, and almost all of my breakfasts involve cereal with milk, so a spoon is very important to me. The fork is just unnecessary, like it is unnecessary to have a normal knife AND a Swiss army knife, just get rid of the normal knife for simplicity. The fork just seems so inferior so please Reddit,  gt Hello, users of  This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to read through our rules If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, downvotes don't change views If you are thinking about submitting a  yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to message us Happy ing<|CONCLUSION|>
<|TOPIC|>Is it Time to 'Free the Nipple'? Toplessness and Gender Equality in the US<|ARGUMENT|>Some US citizens, especially older generations, were used to racially-segregated spaces and inter-racial marriages to be forbidden, and yet the country recognized that the rights of minorities should be over the potential discomfort of some.<|CONCLUSION|>
<|TOPIC|>NA<|ARGUMENT|>Sexism is so ingrained and pervasive in our society that it is almost never worth any individual woman’s effort to try and fight it in the workplace. Studies show that waitresses who show cleavage and flirt with customers get higher tips than those who don’t. Purposefully playing down looks and avoiding flirtation just means getting lower tips. The same goes for most sales. The example of the Weeds TV show heroine succeeding at pharmaceutical sales by dressing scantily and coming on to doctors is funny because it’s all too true. What good does it do for any of the women who Messr Weinstein assaulted to go public? They may get lots of sympathy in the press and Twitter but it doesn’t help their careers. Quite the contrary, in fact, since many other producers will be worried that they could get in trouble if they say something inappropriate to one of the complainants who already have a track record of calling out bad behaviour. It is no coincidence that the people who come forward about workplace assault often do so many years after the fact once their careers are established and they have little to lose. Government regulations are incapable of forcing customers to buy from women who don't flirt and flatter or tip more to the sexy dressers. In my own company I have run tests on the response rates from email promotion offers that are identical in every respect except for being sent from a female and male sales associate. Hands down, the promotions coming from female sales associates have better response rates than those from males. Even women respond at higher rates when the promotions come from people with female names Sexism is so deeply embedded in our culture that individual women simply have to learn to get along with it. It is unreasonable to expect women to sacrifice their careers at the alter of fighting sexism by bringing complaints and actions against abusers in the workplace.<|CONCLUSION|>
<|TOPIC|>NA<|ARGUMENT|>I believe that people who make bad financial decisions or pretty much any bad life changing decisions during the Internet age are willfully ignorant. During the Internet age, pretty much any information you want can be accessed from your mere fingertips. If you do not look up such information, then you are willfully ignorant. There is no excuse to know which decisions will be bad if you have the Internet in your hands. If you do not have a computer at home, then you can go to the library. For example, consider an 18 year old person who makes the decision to go to university to major in a relatively unmarketable degree such as history or English and drowns themselves in hundreds of thousands of dollars in student loan debt. This person could have performed a quick search on Google to see that it is much too risky to take out this much loans for such an unmarketable degree. Instead, they use the Internet for Youtube, Reddit, 4chan, Facebook, etc. These same people cry out for student loan forgiveness claiming that they did not know better. They chose their own fates.<|CONCLUSION|>
<|TOPIC|>NA<|ARGUMENT|>Initially, I was a “no sex before marriage” person due to religion. Then, thinking over it more, that was my decision because I thought it would be best for me. With my ex, it was hard knowing that he had slept with other people. I always worried that he would compare our relationship to those ones, especially when we finally would have sex which we didn’t have Piv at least . I was afraid that while being intimate with me, he would think of his past “lovers” and I also didn’t want him to think of me when with someone else in the future if we ended up not working out. As you can tell, I’m an emotional person and so I felt like I couldn’t just give away part of me so easily, especially if that relationship were to not work out which it didn’t . Also, growing up with a sex addict father who cheated constantly on my mom, I’ve been afraid that people who have had a “taste” of others are more tempted to cheat because they know what the standard is. Though my brother argues that one would be tempted to cheat more wondering what it’s like to be with someone else if they’ve only been with one person. I recently had a guy ghost me due to, I believe, not liking the idea that he possibly would have to wait until marriage if we were to start a relationship. I’m mad that he didn’t tell me the reason why, especially cause he was so interested in me at the beginning. But I think it ended up being for the best due to various reasons, but I’m afraid of ruining the right relationship one that would eventually end up in a marriage for this reason. With my ex, we did go a bit farther that I would have hoped, but I did also desire to between intimate with him. We mostly just did handjobs fingering but twice we did oral a bit. Due to seeing pornographic images when I was a child and having those images be stuck in my head, I put every effort into not having my ex see me naked at all, though I know it make have happened. I got a quick glimpse once but for the most part, my eyes were always closed haha I know it sounds weird, but I had my reasons . We also had a lot of issues in our relationship much of which were most likely due to cultural and Language barriers , but we did wonder if part of the stress in our relationship was due to not being able to fully express our love for each other physically. Recently I saw a Reddit post that mentioned some relationship that ended up being miserable for years due to sexual incompatibility or one or both of the partner’s issues of having previously considered sex to be bad a sin for religious reasons. Now, I also believe that divorces should be avoided if possible, and I also don’t want to have a relationship filled with stress due to sexual incompatibility that could ruin the non sexual side of the relationship and lead to a divorce. So, I’m stuck between the pros and the cons and while I’m not certain of what is best, I feel like I need to maintain the no sex before marriage ideology because once I’m no longer a virgin well piv virgin , I can’t take that back and I need to make sure that it is a correct decision for me emotionally. This is not to say that I didn’t desire to have sex with my ex. It was hard to restrain ourselves and sometimes it was difficult for me when my ex didn’t want to be intimate at all I.e., making out because it was too difficult for him to stop at just making out. Though, also there were many times that I felt that the handjobs fingering was “sinful,” and especially the oral. At one point, I was afraid of breaking up with my ex since I had already shared that level of intimacy with him. If I were to change my mind on this topic, I would probably still need to wait until I love someone before I could be with them sexually. So, I already know all the reasons for no sex before marriage, but I would like to hear peoples’ reasons as to why it’s a bad idea to not have sex piv or anything else before marriage and even, whether sex before marriage can be justified in a religious sense at all.<|CONCLUSION|>
