Finally, even assuming that the rate of proliferation will increase, the question remains: how many withdrawals are actually necessary to generate a mass exodus, thus terminating the treaty. Research shows that for every participant in an arrangement, the perceived necessary critical mass of partakers will be different, contingent on a number of specific impetuses. With the departure of some participants, the mass might diminish and reach the threshold for some others. Their departure will cause yet more to abandon the agreement. Ultimately, this process could reach a threshold, beyond which nobody will continue to engage within the NPT. While who withdraws would surely play a key role, there is little reason to believe that a ‘point of no return’ can be reached with less than one-third of the participants abandoning the treaty.71 While the withdrawal of a major power would surely hurt the NPT’s attractiveness, it remains unclear how, on its own, such a step could destroy the treaty. Similarly, multiple withdrawals will surely be damaging to the NPT’s many attributes, but appear unlikely to be lethal. Even NPT analyses that suggest a grim outlook conclude that the critical mass necessary for the non-proliferation norm to decay would most probably be over 20 states. Given the barriers and limits to reactive proliferation considerations outlined above, the NPT’s demise as a result of proliferation begetting more proliferation seems to be anything but imminent.
A viable policy toward this pathetic regime, then, might be to calm down while continuing to be extorted for the sake of the miserable North Korean people. Conceivably (but only conceivably), a reduction in the threat environment might nudge the North Korean regime into reducing its armed forces some, while spending more on its people. For the rest, one would simply wait for the leadership to come around. It might be a long wait, but getting hysterical over this regime and launching a war against it seems a far inferior option.
In¶ most¶ anthropological¶ accounts,¶ reciprocity¶ is¶ essential-accepting¶ a¶ gift¶ implies¶ a¶ solemn¶ obligation¶ of¶ repayment¶ (as¶ in¶ accepting¶ a¶ loan).¶ This¶ insistence¶ on¶ reciprocity¶ suggests¶ that,¶ for¶ primitives,¶ gifts¶ actually¶ provide¶ insurance¶ or¶ credit,2¶ substituting¶ for¶ exchange¶ in¶ formal,¶ anony-¶ mous¶ markets¶ (see¶ Posner¶ 1980;¶ Hemenway¶ 1984).¶ If¶ so,¶ the¶ flamboyant¶ gift¶ giving¶ chronicled¶ by¶ anthropologists¶ is¶ not¶ a¶ good¶ guide¶ to¶ modern¶ gift¶ giving,¶ and¶ it¶ is¶ especially¶ misleading¶ to¶ assume¶ that¶ modern¶ gift¶ giving¶ must¶ be¶ reciprocal¶ (it¶ is¶ not¶ always¶ so),¶ as¶ many¶ scholars¶ have¶ (e.g.,¶ Schwartz¶ 1967,¶ p.¶ 8;¶ Titmuss¶ 1971,¶ p.¶ 72;¶ Akerlof¶ 1982,¶ p.¶ 550)
Conscious decisions to allow the extinction of a species or the destruction of an entire ecosystem epitomize the "irreversible and irretrievable commitments of resources" that NEPA is designed to retard. 312 The original Endangered Species Act gave such decisions no quarter whatsoever; 313 since 1979, such decisions have rested in the hands of a solemnly convened "God Squad." 314 In its permanence and gravity, natural extinction provides the baseline by which all other types of extinction should be judged. The Endangered Species Act explicitly acknowledges the "esthetic, ecological, educational, historical, recreational, and scientific value" of endangered species and the biodiversity they represent. 315 Allied bodies of international law confirm this view: 316 global biological diversity is part of the commonly owned heritage of all humanity and deserves full legal protection. 317 Rather remarkably, these broad assertions understate the value of biodiversity and the urgency of its protection. A Sand County Almanac, the eloquent bible of the modern environmental movement, contains only two demonstrable biological errors. It opens with one and closes with another. We can forgive Aldo Leopold's decision to close with that elegant but erroneous epigram, "ontogeny repeats phylogeny." 318 What concerns [*208] us is his opening gambit: "There are some who can live without wild things, and some who cannot." 319 Not quite. None of us can live without wild things. Insects are so essential to life as we know it that  if they "and other land-dwelling anthropods ... were to disappear, humanity probably could not last more than a few months." 320 "Most of the amphibians, reptiles, birds, and mammals," along with "the bulk of the flowering plants and ... the physical structure of most forests and other terrestrial habitats" would disappear in turn. 321 "The land would return to" something resembling its Cambrian condition, "covered by mats of recumbent wind-pollinated vegetation, sprinkled with clumps of small trees and bushes here and there, largely devoid of animal life." 322 From this perspective, the mere thought of valuing biodiversity is absurd, much as any attempt to quantify all of earth's planetary amenities as some trillions of dollars per year is absurd. But the frustration inherent in enforcing the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES) has shown that conservation cannot work without appeasing Homo economicus, the profit-seeking ape. Efforts to ban the international ivory trade through CITES have failed to stem the slaughter of African elephants. 323 The preservation of biodiversity must therefore begin with a cold, calculating inventory of its benefits. Fortunately, defending biodiversity preservation in humanity's self-interest is an easy task. As yet unexploited species might give a hungry world a larger larder than the storehouse of twenty plant species that provide nine-tenths of humanity's current food supply. 324 "Waiting in the wings are tens of thousands of unused plant species, many demonstrably superior to those in favor." 325 As genetic warehouses, many plants enhance the productivity of crops already in use. In the United States alone, the [*209] genes of wild plants have accounted for much of "the explosive growth in farm production since the 1930s." 326 The contribution is worth $ 1 billion each year. 327 Nature's pharmacy demonstrates even more dramatic gains than nature's farm. 328 Aspirin and penicillin, our star analgesic and antibiotic, had humble origins in the meadowsweet plant and in cheese mold. 329 Leeches, vampire bats, and pit vipers all contribute anticoagulant drugs that reduce blood pressure, prevent heart attacks, and facilitate skin transplants. 330 Merck & Co., the multinational pharmaceutical company, is helping Costa Rica assay its rich biota. 331 A single commercially viable product derived "from, say, any one species among ... 12,000 plants and 300,000 insects ... could handsomely repay Merck's entire investment" of $ 1 million in 1991 dollars. 332 Wild animals, plants, and microorganisms also provide ecological services. 333 The Supreme Court has lauded the pesticidal talents of migratory birds. 334 Numerous organisms process the air we breathe, the water we drink, the ground we stroll. 335 Other species serve as sentries. Just as canaries warned coal miners of lethal gases, the decline or disappearance of indicator species provides advance warning against deeper [*210] environmental threats. 336 Species conservation yields the greatest environmental amenity of all: ecosystem protection. Saving discrete species indirectly protects the ecosystems in which they live. 337 Some larger animals may not carry great utilitarian value in themselves, but the human urge to protect these charismatic "flagship species" helps protect their ecosystems. 338 Indeed, to save any species, we must protect their ecosystems. 339 Defenders of biodiversity can measure the "tangible economic value" of the pleasure derived from "visiting, photographing, painting, and just looking at wildlife." 340 In the United States alone, wildlife observation and feeding in 1991 generated $ 18.1 billion in consumer spending, $ 3 billion in tax revenues, and 766,000 jobs. 341 Ecotourism gives tropical countries, home to most of the world's species, a valuable alternative to subsistence agriculture. Costa Rican rainforests preserved for ecotourism "have become many times more profitable per hectare than land cleared for pastures and fields," while the endangered gorilla has turned ecotourism into "the third most important source of income in Rwanda." 342 In a globalized economy where commodities can be cultivated almost anywhere, environmentally [*211] sensitive locales can maximize their wealth by exploiting the "boutique" uses of their natural bounty. The value of endangered species and the biodiversity they embody is "literally ... incalculable." 343 What, if anything, should the law do to preserve it? There are those that invoke the story of Noah's Ark as a moral basis for biodiversity preservation. 344 Others regard the entire Judeo-Christian tradition, especially the biblical stories of Creation and the Flood, as the root of the West's deplorable environmental record. 345 To avoid getting bogged down in an environmental exegesis of Judeo-Christian "myth and legend," we should let Charles Darwin and evolutionary biology determine the imperatives of our moment in natural "history." 346 The loss of biological diversity is quite arguably  the gravest problem facing humanity. If we cast the question as the contemporary phenomenon that "our descendants [will] most regret," the "loss of genetic and species diversity by the destruction of natural habitats" is worse than even "energy depletion, economic collapse, limited nuclear war, or conquest by a totalitarian government." 347 Natural evolution may in due course renew the earth with a diversity of species approximating that of a world unspoiled by Homo sapiens -- in ten million years, perhaps a hundred million. 348
The Senate passed their version of the farm bill on Thursday, with a 86-11 vote. The farm bill is monumental legislation that sets the eating and farming policy in the United States -- including what Americans grow, what Americans know about their dinner and how much the government spends in the process -- for about five years. All eyes will now turn to efforts between the House and Senate to resolve major issues between their respective bills by September 30, the deadline for the expiration of the current law, which was enacted in 2014. At the top of the list is the House Republican overhaul of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP -- the primary reason none of the chamber's Democrats supported the traditionally bipartisan effort. The program itself serves more than 40 million people annually and accounts for almost 80 percent of the bill's $430 billion cost over five years. The House-passed bill would require able-bodied adults without children under the age of six to work a minimum of 20 hours per week in order to maintain benefits, and also tighten overall eligibility requirements while moving money from the program to other work-related programs. The Senate largely steered clear of major changes to the program -- despite a try by GOP Sens. Mike Lee and Ted Cruz to tack on an amendment to address SNAP -- and kept the bill's bipartisan imprimatur as a result The two sides will now need to reconcile those differences. For its part, the White House is supportive of the House effort. Department of Agriculture administrator Sonny Purdue called for the measure in an outline he sent to Congress in January that listed Trump administration priorities for the legislation. The Trump administration's statement of administration policy urged the Senate to adopt an approach on food stamps language similar to the House version. It did not, however, include a veto threat on to the Senate legislation. Staff in both chambers have already started to hash out the differences in the two versions in an effort reach a resolution and get the bills to the president's desk quickly, aides said.
