physical activity has been shown to be neuroprotective in many neurodegenerative and neuromuscular diseases [REF]. For instance, it reduces the risk of developing dementia [REF
On November 22, 1997, thirteen-year-old Noah Wilson died when his friend Yancy stabbed him in the chest with a kitchen knife. The mother of Noah, Andrea Wilson, alleged that her son was stabbed to death because of an obsession with the Midway game Mortal Kombat
Libertarian economist Thomas Sowell identified what he says are negative results of affirmative action in his book, Affirmative Action Around the World: An Empirical Study [REF]. Sowell writes that affirmative action policies encourage non-preferred groups to designate themselves as members of preferred groups [i.e. primary beneficiaries of affirmative action] to take advantage of group preference policies; that they tend to benefit primarily the most fortunate among the preferred group (e.g., upper and middle class blacks), often to the detriment of the least fortunate among the non-preferred groups (e.g., poor white or Asian); that they reduce the incentives of both the preferred and non-preferred to perform at their best &mdash; the former because doing so is unnecessary and the latter because it can prove futile &mdash; thereby resulting in net losses for society as a whole; and that they engender animosity toward preferred groups as well [REF
A meta-analysis by psychologist Jonathan Freedman, who reviewed over 200 published studies and found that the "vast and overwhelming majority" did not find a causal link, also reached this conclusion [REF
Outlawed in England and much of the United States, prizefights were often held at gambling venues and broken up by police
While the United States is not the only source of firearms and munitions used by the cartels, ATF says that it has been established that a 'significant' percentage of their firearms originate from gun stores and other sources in the U.S [REF
During 1997 and 1998, online gambling popularity vastly gained in popularity. Internet gambling websites had increased from just 15 websites in 1996, to 200 in 1997
Terry Flew writes that generally representations of gender in digital games are stereotyped. In many games, male characters are portrayed as hard bodied, muscled men, and female characters are portrayed as soft bodied, nearly naked women with large breasts. In addition, Flew also believes that female characters in games are usually portrayed in a narrowly stereotypical manner. Females are usually constructed as visual objects who wait for male rescue and need to be protected, whereas men are portrayed with more power. Such depiction of females in games reflects underlying social ideas of dominance of male over female and themes of masculinity. Although not all video games contain such stereotypes, there are enough to make it a general trait. Ultimately, Flew ends with the statement of the broad demographic's excessive demands, in that '..different genders have different gaming.'[REF
It is estimated that around 10,000 former athletes bear the physical and mental scars of years of drug abuse,[REF
Numerous researchers have proposed potential positive effects of video games on aspects of social and cognitive development and psychological well-being [REF]. It has been shown that action video game players have better hand-eye coordination and visuo-motor skills, such as their resistance to distraction, their sensitivity to information in the peripheral vision and their ability to count briefly presented objects, than non-players [REF
