We should disband NATO	In France, he drew a rebuke from the U.S. after stating that NATO had "lost the battle for hearts and minds" in the Afghan war [REF].
ISO brings more harm than good	He also questions whether an ISO standard for language identification is appropriate since ISO is an industrial organization, while he views language documentation and nomenclature as a scientific endeavor.
Social media does more harm than good	A current controversial topic is whether or not social media addiction should be explicitly categorized as a psychological ailment [REF].
eBay brings more good than harm	The court found that Tiffany's "joint and several liability" was misplaced and more applicable under the theory of contributory infringement rather than direct infringement and that eBay was not "liable for direct trademark infringement under state or federal law."
We should ban the Church of Scientology	In 1982, the law was repealed, and the High Court of Australia ruled in a unanimous decision that the Church of Scientology was "undoubtedly a religion and deserving of tax exemption" the following year [REF].
Private education brings more good than harm	He explains, "Low-cost private education is an important, complementary element of education in developing countries and should be seen as an active partner with governments looking to ensure all children have access to a high quality education.
Atheism is the only way	Locke argued that atheists should not be tolerated because 'Promises, covenants, and oaths, which are the bonds of human society, can have no hold upon an atheist'.
Digital rights management brings more harm than good	In an article for Information & Communications Technology Law, Peter Holm suggests that perhaps GamersGate's best DRM-free defense against piracy is simply that it makes the legal purchase of games easy and cheap [REF].
Progressive tax is beneficial	The opposite of a progressive tax is a regressive tax, where the effective tax rate decreases as the amount to which the rate is applied increases.
EHRs bring more harm than good	The studies found that electronic medical records were very useful; a doctor or a nurse was able to find a patient's information fast and easy just by typing their name; even if it was misspelled.
