Each State that receives an allotment under section 4103 shall use the funds for activities which may include (IV) accelerated learning programs that provide— (aa) postsecondary level courses accepted for credit at institutions of higher education including dual or concurrent enrollment programs postsecondary level instruction (ii) supporting local educational agencies to expand access to or coordinate resources for school-based counseling and mental health programs addressing ways to integrate health and safety practices into school or athletic programs (iii) developing or using strategies that are innovative or evidence-based which may include increased access to online career and technical courses programs leading to a recognized postsecondary credential as defined in the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act
Congress Goes Bipartisan—Against Civil Liberties The parties collude to defeat accountability for the national-security state. restricting civil liberties commands bipartisan support in Washington Congress passed extensions of warrantless wiretapping and indefinite detention, Congress have bipartisan majorities in favor of profligate drone use at home and abroad At the very time it appears Washington is so dysfunctional that the two parties cannot get anything done, Democrats and Republicans cooperate regularly—when it it comes to jailing, spying on, and meting out extrajudicial punishments Reid argued that preserving surveillance was more important than Christmas. The Senate overwhelmingly rejected an amendment that would apply protections against unlawful search and seizure to emails and text messages Despite deep divisions over taxes and domestic spending, members of both parties tend to sing from the same song sheet about the Patriot Act, the N D A A and F I S A So much for the Democrats’ bedrock belief in the right to privacy or Republicans’ convictions about limited government.
. By specifying and analysing the significance of the absence or silence, an alternative vision can be developed. Crucial to this absence is the failure to appreciate the pivotal significance of Western invasiveness, penetration and intervention. The coloniality and imperiality of power are rooted in the will and capacity to invade and penetrate – the imperial, as contrasted to the colonial, not necessarily requiring the possession of territory. coloniality and imperiality of power can be used to raise the issue of the imbrication of inside and outside in the sense of tracing the domestic and foreign implications of the colonial and imperial moments. In a similar vein, but in relation to the subjects or agents of knowledge, pointing to the absence of other voices of analysis based in the South constitutes a part of the same critical project of opening up a different kind of interpretive agenda. The exclusion or subordinating inclusion of the intellectual other can be seen as part of the overall politics of occidental privilege. Signaling such an absence and indicating its significance does not have to lead into implicitly underwriting an uncritical reading of the intellectual South. it is both to question those texts that make the intellectual South invisible and to open up and amplify the analytical terrain – making the absence critically present.
