First things first semantics, at least how I'm defining them feel free to  on these as well . Faith is a persons unshakable belief in an idea despite any evidence put before them. Belief is a persons conclusion of knowledge without complete evidence Knowledge is a truth in the universe things that are provable like mathematics, physics ect. For the majority of people I feel that most of what they 'know' is something they believe in or in a more dangerous state have faith in. We as limited experience individuals have to do this in order to function in the world. There are of course the mundane things which rapidly resolve into knowledge for example beliefs about the future because new evidence is resolving as the future becomes the past. 'I believe my team will win the game' turns into 'I know my team won the game' with the evidence of the game actually passing from future to past. This example might seem ridiculously obvious but lets change it into a statement of faith. 'I have faith that my team will win the game' is not a problem if my team did in fact win the game but what if they lost the game. How can some one who has faith in a topic resolve the conflicting evidence? If they truly had faith of the teams victory they would continue to say they there team won the game. A preposterous position one might say and yes for this simple example sure. But humanity struggles with much larger existential questions which by there very nature either can't resolve into evidence based knowledge proving a negative or are so large in scope that an individual might struggle to comprehend all the evidence. My position is this A belief renders all the befits of a faith in an idea without the inherent dangers of having faith in the same idea. So what is the danger in having faith that my team will win, probably nothing but now I have faith that if I do A, B will happen. The problem is when we talk about faith most people think about the ideas that are benevolent, like doing good things gets you into heaven, for a blunt example because of my view I'm having a hard time thinking of an example . But all of faith based reasoning is so easily twisted, seed faith is an easy example. In the first example A do good things and B get into heaven, but we see how the faith in the idea of heaven and that actions can give you a place in heaven are subtly changed. Seed faith introduces a new idea, giving money to the church counts a doing good thing, thus by giving the church my money I am doing good things and will get into heaven. I take C action there for fulfilling A and obtaining B. This is the problem of adding to an existing faith but there are unforeseen consequences of maintaining faith. There are people who have faith that the age of the earth is 6k 10k years old despite all the evidence put before them. This is an example of one of those ideas which because humans only live ~70 years and the scope of the idea makes it harder to comprehend due to it not being on the same scale as every day life. But people with faith in the age of the world can't let there minds be change or they no longer have faith. The problem is not that they can't change this specific idea but that it would have ramification up the chain of there faith based reasoning. This Idea for the most part stems from peoples faith in the idea that the Bible is the literal word of God. But of course there a millions of people who still have faith in the Bible without believing the world is 6 thousand years old. But whats the harm in this faith? Refusing to see they way things are can hinder any effort to fix problems like climate change, which because the evidence for Climate change relies on data that goes back more the 10k years precludes these people from believing in the idea. The faith based reasoning would then follow. I have Faith in A, and B contradicts A B must not be true, in fact I now have faith that it's not true. This allows the chains of faith based reason to grow an influence more and more of our thought process, and we start to reason from false knowledge. I've been using examples from Christianity for the most part hear, I use it mostly because it is the faith I see the most and have the most experience with. Faiths from all around the world have, and continue to kill in there name. Faith is dangerous because it allows doublethink to take place, in fact I would say that it is required for doublethink. Where as a belief can't survive the paradox of a doublethink because on belief contradicts the other to be true, and thus one ore both are not true. Personally I think semantics are important when we use certain words to describe things especially about our selves as they shape how we identify. Faith is an immovable position. Where as when we say I believe this or that, I believe that this fundamentally allows us too accept that we may be wrong where as faith has no such allowance. This lack of allowance is what makes faith so dangerous. The idea that we value as a society something so dangerous as Faith which it's self most likely stems from faith based reasoning is just terrifying. All ideas start as a belief and then can become knowledge or faith or discarded as not true. Knowledge unlike faith can give way to new evidence. Newtonian physics gave way to relativity when Einstein was able to explain what previously Newton had invoked God to explain^ 1 . For me I would say the I personally have faith in freewill because in my opinion all discussions of morality require it to be true. Which is ironic as faith relinquishes ones free will in that once someone has true faith on an idea they can't be dissuaded of the idea. But If I try and change that faith to a belief what I have is an ability to change my view. The question becomes then what evidence can be presented to dissuade me of my belief. So Reddit I believe that faith is dangerous and offers no benefits a belief can't offer Change my view. tl dr Faith is dangerous because you can not be dissuaded of the idea no matter how dangerous it is.
From the Christian perspective, God dealt with the problem of evil at the cross of Christ and the triumph of good over evil that we all long for internally will be fully effective at the end of time.
The allocating of preferences allows voters the opportunity to have other selections and opinions taken into account.
