On the other hand, evidence from Mexico indicated that remittances from internal and international migrants have an egalitarian impact on rural income distribution [23].	Moreover, to the best of our knowledge, no studies have attempted to determine the impact of migration on the quality of migrants’ employment.
The Waubra Foundation is a registered educational charity whose central argument against wind farms is that they make people sick.	According to a running list kept by University of Sydney Professor of Public Health Simon Chapman, wind farm noise has been blamed for more than 200 symptoms including herpes, weight loss, weight gain, cancer, nose bleeds, nocturia, dental infections, nightmares and vibrating lips.
There may be a percentage of readers that refuse to use the Internet and electronic screens, preferring hard copies.	Less competition from other local printers will also be a major determining factor.
Alcohol abuse is associated with widespread and significant brain lesions.	The elderly are the most sensitive to the toxic effects of alcohol on the brain [ref].
So far there is no evidence, at least in the United States, that giving couples the option of selecting the sex of their child could lead to a surplus of girls or boys.	Likewise, there is growing evidence that IVF in general is safe, Sauer said.
The decision to make vaccination mandatory is therefore a decision to impose some form of penalty on those who do not follow the law.	Through this lens, mandating vaccination is akin to legally requiring that young children are secured in an appropriate car seat.
While not as life-threatening as the drugs used in endurance sports, anabolic steroids have negative side effects, including:	The drug mimics the effect of testosterone and dihydrotestosterone in the body [ref].
Flachowsky concluded in a 2005 review that food with a one-gene modification were similar in nutrition and safety to non-modified foods, but he noted that food with multiple gene modifications would be more difficult to test and would require further animal studies [ref].	While some groups and individuals have called for more human testing of GM food [ref], multiple obstacles complicate such studies.
The Czech Republic is the European country where ecommerce delivers the biggest contribution to the enterprisesÂ´ total revenue.	E-Commerce has become an important tool for small and large businesses worldwide, not only to sell to customers, but also to engage them.
Maths is seen as difficult and intimidating by many.	But despite all this, I think the proposals are a good idea.
