This is especially true if one of the voting options is to ‘remain in the European Union’ as this may incentivise the most unfavourable terms to be offered.
Gears of war is a great FPS that is exclusive on Xbox that even now has a Halo reach DLC that unlocks Kat and Emile
There are about 4500 years since the Pyramids, which definitely are a part of recorded history. In order to be in the top 1 of years, 2015 would need to be among the best 4500x1 45 years. I believe that to be true for the following reasons Peace. According to most surveys, unnatural deaths have been decreasing worldwide since World War 2 and particularly since the end of the Cold War and the meat grinders of Vietnam, Cambodia, and Laos. Although the world is a bit less peaceful than it was in 2000, it's much less violent than almost any year before 1991. Freedom. Again, some backsliding here but North Korea like dictatorships have been the majority through history, right up until the collapse of the Soviet union. Quality of Life. Life expectancy is at a record, extreme poverty is at or near an all time low, and while wealth inequality has grown since 2007 this comes on the heels of decades of progress in the developing world.
I believe that if legal collectivist entities are to be treated as artificial persons protected by the 14th amendment, the Supreme Court should be consistent and further extend to corporations the rest of the protections granted to persons by the Bill of Rights specifically, the 5th and the 13th, which the 14th was ratified to complement. In other words, corporations ought to be fully enfranchised. If a company should enjoy legal rights extended to flesh and blood then it deserves all of those rights, including emancipation from its slave drivers. Congress should thereafter follow through with its constitutional duties and lay out some path for the expropriation of businesses from their cruel masters and toward complete corporate self ownership and autonomy. EDIT I feel like I should clarify because the moderators here reasonably thought I was being insincere. This was our exchange when I insisted it wasn't really a joke gt from IAmAN00bie gt Sorry, we were just being a little skeptical due to your post history in anarchism subs. We find it hard to believe that, given your prior posts, you are actually interested in expanding corporate personhood and we interpreted the post as you trying to prove a point. This is our 2c. gt to IAmAN00bie gt The views aren't really mutually exclusive. I think states should be abolished but I also think basic income is a good idea, under the conditions that exist today, not unlike most of the anarchists whose views tend to I sympathize with. I obviously don't think its likely to happen, but I think it would be a good idea for sensible reform through legislative means toward a better society. I didn't see a rule saying that my wishes had to be realistic. So, if it sounds like a put on, I'm only kidding on the square. In other words, while I'm making light of things and I know it's more likely that candy will suddenly rain from the sky, I do actually think that it would be a positive change in the legal system to treat groups of people as unowned, autonomous, self governing people , instead of property persons that are variously property or person depending on when and which is convenient to the capitalist class.
A viewer exposed to erroneous information about a culture by seeing a whitewashed portrayal of it will be less receptive to accurate descriptions of the culture from other sources.
Many people do something similar when they retire abroad. They chose to go to live in countries with a cheap cost of living and there they can have luxury with their pension which would be small compared to the cost of living in their home country.
I am of the firm belief if you are going to move to another country you should do so if you will fully integrate into the culture and customs of the host nation but also keeping your religion privately. Whether you are from England moving to Belgium, or America moving to Qatar, or Australia to New Zealand. There should be no special rules for your people entering another nation. Whether it is food preparation, religion being taught in schools, the legal system of the country or otherwise. No special adaptation should happen. You should adjust. Not the host nation. Also the rate that the host nations accept people should be at the rate of those that integrate. It's not a huge cultural shock for a European moving to another European country though language can be an issue to begin with . Nor would it be for a North African to move to another North African nation. But when you have say a German moving to Ethiopia, the culture shock is huge and they must adapt to be successful. Change my view that mass immigration is a good thing.
Near-Earth Asteroids present a similar technological challenge as Martian moons because of their irregular shape and landing difficulties. They also have far greater benefits in terms of human security and resources. These should be achieved first. Afterwards, the benefits of visiting Martian moons will be marginal.
The spoiler effect means that plurality risks a party with much less than a majority of votes gaining an overwhelming majority of seats in a legislature
Reproducibility is a core component of the scientific method. Experiments may often require more resources to reproduce than an amateur has access to, but if someone has the resources to actually replicate an experiment, and the attempted replication fails, this is a serious problem for a theory and no scientist should simply assert "you must have done something wrong, or missed an interfering variable".
